# PspPlacePart (Object)

**_Represents the Place physical parts object._**
**Role** : To place physical parts.

## Properties

### Property **ErrorMessage**( ) As [CATBSTR](../System/typedef_CATBSTR_8129.md) (Read Only)

Returns the message associated with the last error.
**Role** : If an error occurs when placing or routing a part, a message is associated with the error.

**Returns:**      The error message associated with the last error. Null if no error.  Methods

### Func **PlacePartInSpace**( [CATBSTR](../System/typedef_CATBSTR_8129.md)  `iuStandard`,  [CATBSTR](../System/typedef_CATBSTR_8129.md)  `iuFunctionType`,  [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)  `ipiReferencePart`,  [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)  `ipiParentProduct`,  [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)  `ipiLogicalLine`,  [CATBSTR](../System/typedef_CATBSTR_8129.md)  `iuPlacedPartID`,  [CATIAPspListOfDoubles](../CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfDoubles_53834.md)  `iUpDirection`,  [CATIAPspListOfDoubles](../CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfDoubles_53834.md)  `iHorizontalOrientation`,  [CATIAPspListOfDoubles](../CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfDoubles_53834.md)  `iPosition`) As [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)

Places a part in space.
**Role** : The part instance is placed given its reference with respect to its parent product. The Part Placement engine will not perform any of it's normal checks for interactions with nearby parts. Part is placed non-spec.

**Parameters:**

` iuStandard`      The standard for application attribute values.
` iuFunctionType`      The type of function (e.g. block valve, branch). Used when no function is specified but functional part placement is required.
` ipiReferencePart`      The reference part from which to derive the instance part.
` ipiParentProduct`      The parent product (in the design model) for the new instance part.
` ipiLogicalLine`      The logical line (e.g. piping line) which contains the instance part.
` iuPlacedPartID`      The name of the placed part in the design model. Null uses the standard ID generated by the part placement engine.
` iUpDirection`      The up direction for the placed part. The list has three values which represent the x, y and z values of a unit direction vector. Value is relative to ipiParentProduct.
` iHorizontalOrientation`      The orientation of the part in "horizontal" plane (plane perpendicular to up direction). Must be perpendicular to iUpDirection. The list has three values which represent the x, y and z values of a unit direction vector. Value is relative to ipiParentProduct.
` iPosition`      The position of the part. The list has three values which represent the x, y and z values of a position in space. Value is relative to ipiParentProduct and expressed in millimeters.
**Returns:**      The placed instance part.  
### Func **RouteStringPartInSpace**( [CATBSTR](../System/typedef_CATBSTR_8129.md)  `iuStandard`,  [CATBSTR](../System/typedef_CATBSTR_8129.md)  `iuFunctionType`,  [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)  `ipiReferencePart`,  [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)  `ipiParentProduct`,  [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)  `ipiLogicalLine`,  [CATBSTR](../System/typedef_CATBSTR_8129.md)  `iuPlacedPartID`,  [CATIAPspListOfDoubles](../CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfDoubles_53834.md)  `iFirstPointUpDirection`,  [CATIAPspListOfObjects](../CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfObjects_53716.md)  `ipiListPoints`,  [CATIAPspListOfDoubles](../CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfDoubles_53834.md)  `iListBendRadii`) As [CATIABase](../System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md)

Routes a string part.
**Role** : The string part instance, such as a pipe, a tube, or a duct, is placed given its reference with respect to its parent product. The Part Placement engine will not perform any of it's normal checks for interactions with nearby parts. Part is placed non-spec.

**Parameters:**

` iuStandard`      The standard for application attribute values.
` iuFunctionType`      The type of function (e.g. Block valve, branch). Used when no function is specified but functional part placement is required.
` ipiReferencePart`      The reference part from which to derive the instance part.
` ipiParentProduct`      The parent product (in the design model) for the new instance part.
` ipiLogicalLine`      The logical line (e.g. piping line) which contains the instance part.
` iuPlacedPartID`      The name of the placed part in the design model. Null uses the standard ID generated by the part placement engine.
` iFirstPointUpDirection`      The up direction of the first point of the string part. The list has three values which represent the x, y and z values of a unit direction vector. Value is relative to ipiParentProduct.
` ipiListPoints`      The list of points that describe the path of the string. If the string part is stretchable, the list should contain two points.
` iListBendRadii`      The list of bend radii at each corner of the string part. This list is ignored if the string part is stretchable. This list is only for interior points and so should have two less elements than ipiListPoints. (for example, if ipiListPoints has six points, iListBendRadii should have four radii values). Values are in milimeters.
**Returns:**      The routed string part.