A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z

# CAA IDL Interface Index

##  **A**

[**AccesslogStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_AccesslogStatisticsSettingAtt_178800.md) object     Interface for Accesslog statistic Controler. [**ActiveTask**](DNBResourceProgramInterfaces/interface_ActiveTask_21462.md) object     Represents the Active task of the resource in conjunction with a particular activity. [**Activities**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_Activities_22374.md) collection     The collection of activities related to the current activity. [**Activity**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_Activity_14822.md) object     The object that represents an activity. [**Add**](PartInterfaces/interface_Add_1925.md) object     Represents the add, or union boolean operation. [**Affinity**](PartInterfaces/interface_Affinity_14518.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Affinity feature object. [**AnalysisAdaptivityManager**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisAdaptivityManager_132794.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAAnalysisAdaptivityManager. [**AnalysisCase**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisCase_30608.md) object     Represent the analysis case object. [**AnalysisCases**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisCases_36309.md) collection      The collection of analysis case making an Analysis. [**AnalysisDocument**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisDocument_55692.md) object     Represents the document object for analysis. [**AnalysisEntities**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisEntities_55864.md) collection      The collection of analysis entities. [**AnalysisEntity**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisEntity_43456.md) object     Represent the analysis entity object. [**AnalysisExport**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisExport_43590.md) object      [**AnalysisGeneralSettingAtt**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisGeneralSettingAtt_131587.md) object     Interface to handle the Analysis & Simulation "GeneralSetting". [**AnalysisGlobalSensor**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisGlobalSensor_85334.md) object     Represent the analysis global sensor. [**AnalysisImage**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisImage_35789.md) object     Represents the analysis image object. [**AnalysisImages**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisImages_41938.md) collection      The collection of analysis images. [**AnalysisImport**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisImport_43344.md) object      [**AnalysisLinkedDocuments**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisLinkedDocuments_112927.md) collection      The collection of Documents linked by Analysis. [**AnalysisLocalEntities**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisLocalEntities_93812.md) collection      The collection of local analysis entities. [**AnalysisLocalEntity**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisLocalEntity_77422.md) object     Represent the analysis local entity object. [**AnalysisLocalSensor**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisLocalSensor_77189.md) object     Represent the analysis local sensor. [**AnalysisManager**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisManager_47941.md) object     Represents the root object inside an analysis document. [**AnalysisMaterial**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_AnalysisMaterial_54904.md) object     Represents an AnalysisMaterial object. [**AnalysisMeshLocalSpecification**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisMeshLocalSpecification_188218.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAAnalysisMeshLocalSpecification. [**AnalysisMeshLocalSpecifications**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisMeshLocalSpecifications_201982.md) collection      The interface to access a AnalysisMeshLocalSpecifications. [**AnalysisMeshManager**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisMeshManager_75648.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAAnalysisMeshManager. [**AnalysisMeshPart**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisMeshPart_54516.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAAnalysisMeshPart. [**AnalysisMeshParts**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisMeshParts_62021.md) collection      The collection of analysis meshparts. [**AnalysisModel**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisModel_36283.md) object      Represent the analysis model object. [**AnalysisModels**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisModels_42446.md) collection      The collection of analysis models making an analysis document. [**AnalysisOutputEntities**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisOutputEntities_105692.md) collection      The collection of analysis entities results of a set. [**AnalysisPostManager**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisPostManager_76665.md) object      Interface to define the Post Processing Manager. [**AnalysisPostProSettingAtt**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisPostProSettingAtt_132726.md) object      Interface to handle the Analysis & Simulation "PostProcessingSetting". [**AnalysisReportingSettingAtt**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisReportingSettingAtt_155599.md) object      Interface to handle the Analysis & Simulation "ReportingSetting". [**AnalysisSensor**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisSensor_43268.md) object     Represent the analysis sensor. [**AnalysisSet**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisSet_26478.md) object     Represent the analysis set object. [**AnalysisSets**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisSets_31754.md) collection      The collection of analysis sets. [**AnalysisSettingAtt**](DNBSimulationInterfaces/interface_AnalysisSettingAtt_69472.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of DELMIA Analysis Tools Options Tab page **Role** : This interface is implemented by a component which represents the controller of Analysis Tools Options parameter settings. [**AnalysisSupports**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_AnalysisSupports_57596.md) collection      The collection of analysis case making an Analysis. [**Analyze**](ProductStructureInterfaces/interface_Analyze_11172.md) object     Represents the analysis object associated with a product. [**Angle**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Angle_5497.md) object     Represents the angle parameter. [**AngularRepartition**](PartInterfaces/interface_AngularRepartition_70628.md) object     Represents the angular repartition. [**AnnotatedView**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_AnnotatedView_36411.md) object      Represents an annotated view. [**AnnotatedViews**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_AnnotatedViews_42578.md) collection      A collection of AnnotatedView objects. [**Annotation**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Annotation_22454.md) object     Interface for the Technological Product Specification (TPS) objects. [**AnnotationFactory**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_AnnotationFactory_62969.md) object     Interface for the TPS Factory. [**AnnotationSet**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_AnnotationSet_36773.md) object     Interface for the TPS Set of objects. [**AnnotationSets**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_AnnotationSets_42954.md) collection      [**Annotations**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Annotations_27300.md) collection     Interface for collection of TPS objects CATIAAnnotation. [**AnyObject**](System/interface_AnyObject_17321.md) object     Represents the base object for all other objects except collection and reference objects. [**Application**](InfInterfaces/interface_Application_26636.md) object     Represents the current CNext application and its frame window. [**ArrBOMReport**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrBOMReport_29616.md) object      [**ArrBendableString**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrBendableString_60583.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAArrBendableString

Using this prefered syntax will enable mkdoc to document your class. [**ArrNomenclature**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrNomenclature_48920.md) object     Represents the UserNomenclature object. [**ArrNomenclatureTree**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrNomenclatureTree_76774.md) object     Represents the root User Dictionary object. [**ArrNomenclatures**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrNomenclatures_55994.md) collection     The collection of UserNomenclature objects. [**ArrSystemLineProduct**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrSystemLineProduct_85388.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAArrSystemLineProduct

Using this prefered syntax will enable mkdoc to document your class. [**ArrWorkbench**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrWorkbench_30890.md) object     Returns the Arrangement Workbench. [**ArrangementArea**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementArea_47127.md) object      Use this object to access an ArrangementArea object's properties and functions. [**ArrangementAreas**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementAreas_54164.md) collection      A Collection object for ArrangementArea objects. [**ArrangementBoundaries**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementBoundaries_94314.md) collection      A collection object for ArrangementBoundary objects. [**ArrangementBoundary**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementBoundary_77900.md) object      Access properties and functions of an ArrangementBoundary object. [**ArrangementContour**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementContour_70746.md) object      The ArrangementContour object. [**ArrangementContours**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementContours_79187.md) collection      A collection object for ArrangementContours of an Area. [**ArrangementItemReservation**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementItemReservation_144876.md) object      Use this object to access the ArrangementItemReservation properties and methods. [**ArrangementItemReservations**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementItemReservations_156900.md) collection      A collection object for ArrangementItemReservation objects. [**ArrangementNode**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementNode_47648.md) object      This interface provides access to a CATIAArrangementNode object. [**ArrangementNodes**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementNodes_54698.md) collection      A Collection object for ArrangementNode objects. [**ArrangementPathway**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementPathway_70114.md) object      Use this object to access properties and methods of an ArrangementPathway object. [**ArrangementPathways**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementPathways_78543.md) collection      A collection object for ArrangementPathway objects. [**ArrangementProduct**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementProduct_70174.md) object      Use this object as a factory for Arrangement collection objects. [**ArrangementRectangle**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementRectangle_84792.md) object     Use this object to access the properties and methods of an ArrangementRectangle object. [**ArrangementRectangles**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementRectangles_94094.md) collection      A Collection object for ArrangementRectangle objects. [**ArrangementRun**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementRun_42486.md) object      Use this object to access the properties and methods of an ArrangementRun object. [**ArrangementRuns**](CATArrangementInterfaces/interface_ArrangementRuns_49110.md) collection      A collection object of ArrangementRun objects. [**AsmConstraintSettingAtt**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AsmConstraintSettingAtt_112657.md) object      Represents the Assembly Constraints setting controller object. [**AsmGeneralSettingAtt**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AsmGeneralSettingAtt_83800.md) object      Represents the Assembly General setting controller object. [**Assemble**](PartInterfaces/interface_Assemble_13978.md) object     Represents the assemble boolean operation. [**AssemblyBoolean**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AssemblyBoolean_47926.md) object     Represents the AssemblyBoolean object. [**AssemblyConvertor**](ProductStructureInterfaces/interface_AssemblyConvertor_63704.md) object     Product conversion object. [**AssemblyFeature**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AssemblyFeature_48484.md) object     Represents the AssemblyFeature object. [**AssemblyFeatures**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AssemblyFeatures_55552.md) collection     A collection of all the AssemblyFeature objects of a product. [**AssemblyHole**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AssemblyHole_30806.md) object     Represents the AssemblyHole object. [**AssemblyPocket**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AssemblyPocket_42326.md) object     Represents the AssemblyPocket object. [**AssemblySplit**](CATAssemblyInterfaces/interface_AssemblySplit_37076.md) object     Represents the AssemblySplit object. [**AssociatedRefFrame**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_AssociatedRefFrame_66556.md) object     Interface dedicated to manage Datum Reference Frame associated to a TPS. [**AttachmentCont**](DNBManufacturingLayoutItf/interface_AttachmentCont_42110.md) object     Interface representing xxx. [**AutoDraft**](PartInterfaces/interface_AutoDraft_17462.md) object     Represents the AutoDraft shape. [**AutoFillet**](PartInterfaces/interface_AutoFillet_21690.md) object     Represents the AutoFillet shape. [**AutoWalkActivity**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_AutoWalkActivity_55470.md) object      [**Axis2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Axis2D_6614.md) object      Interface defining a coordinate system in the 2D Space. [**AxisSystem**](MecModInterfaces/interface_AxisSystem_22406.md) object     The object Axis System A axis system has got one origin point and three orthogonal axes, crossing at the origin point. [**AxisSystems**](MecModInterfaces/interface_AxisSystems_27251.md) collection     A collection of all the AxisSystem objects contained in the part. [**AxisToAxis**](PartInterfaces/interface_AxisToAxis_21402.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape AxisToAxis feature object.

##  **B**

[**BasicComponent**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_BasicComponent_42336.md) object     Interface designed to manage **Analysis Basic Components**. [**BasicComponents**](CATAnalysisInterfaces/interface_BasicComponents_48940.md) collection      The collection of Basic Components defining and analysis object. [**BasicDevice**](DNBDeviceInterfaces/interface_BasicDevice_25064.md) object     Interface representing a Basic Device. [**Behavior**](CATBehaviorInterfaces/interface_Behavior_14282.md) object     Represents a behavior. [**BehaviorExtension**](CATBehaviorInterfaces/interface_BehaviorExtension_63035.md) object     Manages the behaviors of a technological object. [**BehaviorSettingAtt**](CATOBMInterfaces/interface_BehaviorSettingAtt_68950.md) object     Enables attribute access to BKT options. [**BehaviorVBScript**](CATBehaviorInterfaces/interface_BehaviorVBScript_53352.md) object     Represents the VBScript behavior. [**Behaviors**](CATBehaviorInterfaces/interface_Behaviors_18203.md) collection     Represents the Behaviors collection currently managed by the application. [**BiDimFeatEdge**](MecModInterfaces/interface_BiDimFeatEdge_33192.md) object     1-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is two dimensional. [**Bodies**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Bodies_7994.md) collection     A collection of all the Body objects contained in the part. [**Body**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Body_3736.md) object     The object that manages a sequence of shapes, and a set of independent sketches waiting for their use in shapes; a set of hybrid bodies, a set of ordered geometrical sets and a set of hybrid shapes. [**BoolParam**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_BoolParam_17217.md) object     Represents the boolean parameter. [**BooleanShape**](PartInterfaces/interface_BooleanShape_30260.md) object     Represents the shapes based on boolean operations on other shapes. [**Boundary**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Boundary_14542.md) object     Topological cell, such as a face, an edge or a vertex.

##  **C**

[**CATBaseDispatch**](System/interface_CATBaseDispatch_45333.md) object     Base class for Automation interfaces. [**CATBaseUnknown**](System/interface_CATBaseUnknown_40786.md) object     Base class for creating interfaces and for implementing interfaces. [**CGRAdhesionSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_CGRAdhesionSettingAtt_90900.md) object     Represents the base object to handle the parameters of the cache. [**CacheSettingAtt**](System/interface_CacheSettingAtt_47207.md) object     Represents the base object to handle the parameters of the cache. [**Camera**](InfInterfaces/interface_Camera_7798.md) object     Represents the camera. [**Camera2D**](InfInterfaces/interface_Camera2D_11700.md) object     Represents a 2D camera. [**Camera3D**](InfInterfaces/interface_Camera3D_11722.md) object     Represents a 3D camera. [**Cameras**](InfInterfaces/interface_Cameras_10798.md) collection     A collection of all the Camera objects currently attached to a Document object. [**Capture**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Capture_11142.md) object      [**CaptureFactory**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_CaptureFactory_42816.md) object     Interface for the Capture Factory. [**Captures**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Captures_14626.md) collection      [**CatalogDocument**](ComponentsCatalogsInterfaces/interface_CatalogDocument_48240.md) object     Represents the Document object for catalog. [**CatalogSHMObjectSettingAtt**](CATSmInterfaces/interface_CatalogSHMObjectSettingAtt_137400.md) object     Represents the CATIA Sheet Metal Aerospace General setting controller object. [**Chamfer**](PartInterfaces/interface_Chamfer_10690.md) object     Represents the chamfer shape. [**Check**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Check_5408.md) object     Represents the check relation. [**CircPattern**](PartInterfaces/interface_CircPattern_26301.md) object     Represents the circular pattern. [**Circle2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Circle2D_11806.md) object      Class defining a circle in 2D Space. [**Clash**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Clash_5563.md) object      Represents the Clash object. [**ClashResult**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_ClashResult_26594.md) object      Represents the ClashResult object. [**ClashResults**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_ClashResults_31864.md) collection      A collection of all ClashResult objects currently managed by the application. [**Clashes**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Clashes_10879.md) collection      A collection of all Clash objects currently managed by the application. [**CloseSurface**](PartInterfaces/interface_CloseSurface_30578.md) object     Represents the Close feature. [**Collection**](System/interface_Collection_22150.md) collection     Represents the base object for collections. [**CollisionFreeWalk**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_CollisionFreeWalk_60469.md) object      [**ColorESSObjectSettingAtt**](StructureInterfaces/interface_ColorESSObjectSettingAtt_117878.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAColorESSObjectSettingAtt. [**ColorSTDObjectSettingAtt**](StructureInterfaces/interface_ColorSTDObjectSettingAtt_117820.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAColorSTDObjectSettingAtt. [**CommandStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_CommandStatisticsSettingAtt_154823.md) object     Interface for Command statistic Controler
**Role** : the command statistics controler manages the values of all or only a part of the attributes available for the thematic. [**CompositeTolerance**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_CompositeTolerance_69422.md) object     Interface for accessing composite tolerance on a TPS. [**Conflict**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Conflict_14180.md) object      Represents the Conflict object. [**Conflicts**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Conflicts_18103.md) collection      A collection of all Conflict objects currently detected by a Clash object. [**ConstRadEdgeFillet**](PartInterfaces/interface_ConstRadEdgeFillet_66280.md) object     Represents the edge fillet shape with a constant radius. [**Constraint**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Constraint_22634.md) object     A geometric constraint set for geometric elements of a part, a sketch, or a product. [**ConstraintSatisfaction**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ConstraintSatisfaction_104794.md) object     Represents the set of equation. [**Constraints**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Constraints_27490.md) collection     A collection of all geometric constraints set on a part, a sketch, or a product. [**ControlPoint2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_ControlPoint2D_39214.md) object      Class defining a spline control point in 2D Space. [**ControledRadius**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_ControledRadius_48506.md) object     Interface for accessing Controled Radius modifier on a linear TPS (ASME norm only). [**Curve2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Curve2D_9237.md) object      Class defining a curve in 2D Space. [**CurveFastener**](DNBFastenerInterfaces/interface_CurveFastener_36627.md) object     Interface DELMIACurveFastener DELMIACurveFastener represent body in white fasteners of type curve. [**CylindricalFace**](MecModInterfaces/interface_CylindricalFace_46299.md) object     2-D boundary with a cylindrical geometry.

##  **D**

[**D5Device**](DNBDeviceInterfaces/interface_D5Device_12710.md) object     Interface representing a D5 Device. [**DLNameSettingAtt**](System/interface_DLNameSettingAtt_52772.md) object     Interface to handle the DLNames. [**DMOOffset**](SMTInterfaces/interface_DMOOffset_16659.md) object      [**DMOOffsets**](SMTInterfaces/interface_DMOOffsets_20948.md) collection      [**DMOThickness**](SMTInterfaces/interface_DMOThickness_30246.md) object      [**DMOThicknesses**](SMTInterfaces/interface_DMOThicknesses_41444.md) collection      [**DMUDataFlow**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_DMUDataFlow_24296.md) object     Allows the DMU Data Flow Management within the DMU Navigator environment. [**DMUTolSettingAtt**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_DMUTolSettingAtt_52882.md) object     Represents the DMU Tolerancing setting controller object. [**DNBAttachment**](DNBManufacturingLayoutItf/interface_DNBAttachment_34973.md) object     Interface representing xxx. [**DNBAttachmentFactory**](DNBManufacturingLayoutItf/interface_DNBAttachmentFactory_83398.md) object     Interface representing xxx. [**DNBFastenerItemServices**](DNBFastenerInterfaces/interface_DNBFastenerItemServices_109371.md) object [**DOFState**](DNBDeviceInterfaces/interface_DOFState_12940.md) object     Interface representing a Basic Device from which to get DOFState. [**DatumSimple**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_DatumSimple_26229.md) object     Interface for Simple Datum TPS (datum entity). [**DatumTarget**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_DatumTarget_26204.md) object     Interface for Datum Target TPS (datum entity). [**DefaultAnnotation**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_DefaultAnnotation_62596.md) object     This interface is used to get information about default annotation. [**DesignTable**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_DesignTable_25284.md) object      Represents the DesignTable object. [**DevAnalysisSettingAtt**](DNBDeviceInterfaces/interface_DevAnalysisSettingAtt_93550.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of Infrastructure-DELMIA Infrastructure-Device Analysis Tools Options Tab page. [**DeviceJointRelations**](DNBDeviceInterfaces/interface_DeviceJointRelations_85390.md) object      [**Dimension**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Dimension_18130.md) object     Represents the dimension parameter. [**Dimension3D**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Dimension3D_23823.md) object      [**DimensionLimit**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_DimensionLimit_42378.md) object     Represents the limit object of tolerance dimensions. [**DimensionPattern**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_DimensionPattern_55714.md) object     Interface to dimension pattern. [**DisconnectionSettingAtt**](System/interface_DisconnectionSettingAtt_112813.md) object     Represents the base object to handle the parameters of automatic disconnection. [**Distance**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Distance_13954.md) object      Represents the Distance object. [**Distances**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Distances_17870.md) collection      A collection of all Distance objects currently managed by the application. [**Document**](InfInterfaces/interface_Document_14456.md) object     Represents the document. [**DocumentationSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_DocumentationSettingAtt_113191.md) object     Setting controller for the Help property tab page. [**Documents**](InfInterfaces/interface_Documents_18392.md) collection     A collection of all the Document objects currently managed by the application. [**Draft**](PartInterfaces/interface_Draft_5635.md) object     Represents the draft shape. [**DraftDomain**](PartInterfaces/interface_DraftDomain_25597.md) object     Represents the draft domain. [**DraftDomains**](PartInterfaces/interface_DraftDomains_30834.md) collection     The collection of draft domains used by the draft shape. [**DraftingPageSetup**](InfInterfaces/interface_DraftingPageSetup_61011.md) object     Represents the page setup for the drawing documents. [**DraftingSettingAtt**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DraftingSettingAtt_68776.md) object      Manages drafting settings. [**DrawingArrow**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingArrow_31476.md) object      Represents a drawing arrow in a drawing view. [**DrawingArrows**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingArrows_37200.md) collection     A collection of all the drawing arrows currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingComponent**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingComponent_55624.md) object      Represents a drawing component instance (ditto) in a drawing view. [**DrawingComponents**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingComponents_63152.md) collection      A collection of all the drawing components (ditto) currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingDimExtLine**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingDimExtLine_59557.md) object      Manages extension lines of a dimension in drawing view. [**DrawingDimLine**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingDimLine_40436.md) object      Manages dimension line of a dimension in drawing view. [**DrawingDimValue**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingDimValue_47035.md) object      Manages dimension value of a dimension in drawing view. [**DrawingDimension**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingDimension_55138.md) object      Represents a drawing dimension in a Drawing view. [**DrawingDimensions**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingDimensions_62653.md) collection      A collection of all the drawing dimensions currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingDocument**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingDocument_48585.md) object     Represents the Document object for drawings. [**DrawingLeader**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingLeader_35465.md) object      Represents a drawing leader in a drawing view. [**DrawingLeaders**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingLeaders_41600.md) collection     A collection of all the drawing leaders currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingPageSetup**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingPageSetup_54222.md) object     Represents the page setup for the drawing documents. [**DrawingPicture**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingPicture_42512.md) object      Represents a drawing picture in a drawing view. [**DrawingPictures**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingPictures_49135.md) collection      A collection of all the drawing pictures currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingRoot**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingRoot_26516.md) object     Represents the drawing object in drawing documents. [**DrawingSheet**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingSheet_30816.md) object      Represents a drawing sheet of the drawing document. [**DrawingSheets**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingSheets_36522.md) collection     A collection of all the drawing sheets currently managed by the drawing document. [**DrawingTable**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingTable_30236.md) object      Represents a drawing table in a drawing view. [**DrawingTables**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingTables_35925.md) collection     A collection of all the drawing tables currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingText**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingText_26559.md) object      Represents a drawing text in a drawing view. [**DrawingTextProperties**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingTextProperties_95874.md) object      Represents the properties of a drawing text in a drawing view. [**DrawingTextRange**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingTextRange_54024.md) object      Represents a drawing text range, or contiguous area, in a drawing text. [**DrawingTexts**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingTexts_31836.md) collection     A collection of all the drawing texts currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingThread**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingThread_35692.md) object      Represents a drawing thread in a drawing view. [**DrawingThreads**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingThreads_41838.md) collection      A collection of all the drawing threads currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingView**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingView_26239.md) object      Represents a drawing view in a drawing sheet. [**DrawingViewGenerativeBehavior**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingViewGenerativeBehavior_176715.md) object     Represents the generative behavior of a drawing view. [**DrawingViewGenerativeLinks**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingViewGenerativeLinks_142664.md) object     Represents the generative links of a drawing view. [**DrawingViews**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingViews_31506.md) collection     A collection of all the drawing views currently managed by a drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DrawingWelding**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingWelding_41792.md) object      Represents a drawing welding in a drawing view. [**DrawingWeldings**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_DrawingWeldings_48397.md) collection     A collection of all the drawing weldings currently managed by a drawing view of drawing sheet in a drawing document. [**DressUpShape**](PartInterfaces/interface_DressUpShape_30368.md) object     Represents the shapes built with other shape sub-elements such as faces or edges. [**Dressup**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_Dressup_11434.md) object      Interface to access the Dressup object. [**Dressups**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_Dressups_14936.md) collection      A collection of all Dressup entities currently managed by the application. [**DynLicenseSettingAtt**](System/interface_DynLicenseSettingAtt_84204.md) object     Interface to handle the dynamic licensing settings.

##  **E**

[**E5Property**](CATIPDAdapterInterfaces/interface_E5Property_21852.md) object      Interface to access object properties. [**EHMInsertionActPlugMapViewData**](DNBEHMInterfaces/interface_EHMInsertionActPlugMapViewData_180808.md) object     Interface to access Plug Map view data associated to an Insertion activity. [**EHSUpdateSmoothnessFactor**](DNBEHSInterfaces/interface_EHSUpdateSmoothnessFactor_130915.md) object     Interface representing xxx. [**EKPServices**](DNBEKPInterfaces/interface_EKPServices_25284.md) object     Interface to assign and remove Engineering Requirements to and from an activity. [**Edge**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Edge_3456.md) object     1-D boundary. [**EdgeFillet**](PartInterfaces/interface_EdgeFillet_21112.md) object     Represents the edges-based fillet shape. [**ElecSchWire**](ElecSchematicItf/interface_ElecSchWire_24996.md) object      For technical electrical wire attributes. [**ElecSchematicObject**](ElecSchematicItf/interface_ElecSchematicObject_74447.md) object      Represents the electrical schematic objects. [**Ellipse2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Ellipse2D_15520.md) object      Class defining an ellipse in 2D Space. [**EnumParam**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_EnumParam_17344.md) object     Represents the enum parameter. [**EnvelopCondition**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_EnvelopCondition_55494.md) object     Interface for accessing Envelop Condition modifier on a TPS. [**ErrorlogStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_ErrorlogStatisticsSettingAtt_167778.md) object     Interface for Errorlog statistic Controler. [**ExpertCheck**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertCheck_25594.md) object     Represents the edition part of a check. [**ExpertCheckRuntime**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertCheckRuntime_68956.md) object     Runtime part of a check. [**ExpertReportObject**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertReportObject_69280.md) object     Represents the ExpertReportObject object. [**ExpertReportObjects**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertReportObjects_77702.md) collection     Represents the collection of (succeeded or failed) report objects. [**ExpertRule**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRule_22014.md) object     Represents the edition part of a rule. [**ExpertRuleBase**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRuleBase_41078.md) object     Represents the RuleBase object that can be edited. [**ExpertRuleBaseComponentRuntime**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRuleBaseComponentRuntime_190760.md) object     Represents a rule base component in a ruleset. [**ExpertRuleBaseComponentRuntimes**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRuleBaseComponentRuntimes_204561.md) collection     Represents the collection of ExpertRuleBase (ExpertChecks, ExpertRules, and ExpertRuleSets) components. [**ExpertRuleBaseRuntime**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRuleBaseRuntime_93263.md) object     Represents the Runtime part of the RuleBase. [**ExpertRuleRuntime**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRuleRuntime_62666.md) object     Represents the ExpertRuleRuntime object. [**ExpertRuleSet**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRuleSet_36300.md) object     Represents the ExpertRuleSet object which is the editable part of a RuleSet or a RuleBase. [**ExpertRuleSetRuntime**](GenKnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ExpertRuleSetRuntime_85712.md) object     Represents the ExpertRuleSet object in the RelationSet. [**Export3DXmlSettingAtt**](CAT3DXmlInterfaces/interface_Export3DXmlSettingAtt_90825.md) object      Represents a setting controller for the 3D XML export settings.

##  **F**

[**FASReportingSettingAtt**](DNBReportingInterfaces/interface_FASReportingSettingAtt_101030.md) object      The interface to access a DNBIAFASReportingSettingAtt. [**FTAInfraSettingAtt**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_FTAInfraSettingAtt_66300.md) object     Represents the FT&A (Functional Tolerancing & Annotation) infrastructure setting controller object. [**FTASettingAtt**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_FTASettingAtt_34756.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAFTASettingAtt. [**Face**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Face_3398.md) object     2-D boundary. [**FaceFillet**](PartInterfaces/interface_FaceFillet_21018.md) object     Represents the face fillet shape. [**Factory**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Factory_11318.md) object     Abstract object gathering behaviours of all objects being a factory. [**Factory2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Factory2D_15860.md) object     Interface to the factory for 2D objects. [**Fastener**](DNBFastenerInterfaces/interface_Fastener_14306.md) object     Interface DELMIAFastener DELMIAFastener represent body in white fasteners of both types point and curve. [**FastenerGroup**](DNBFastenerInterfaces/interface_FastenerGroup_36971.md) object      [**FastenerSet**](DNBFastenerInterfaces/interface_FastenerSet_26144.md) collection     Interface DELMIAFasteners DELMIAFasteners represent collection of fasteners of both types point and curve. [**FastenerWorkBench**](DNBFastenerInterfaces/interface_FastenerWorkBench_60415.md) object     Interface DELMIAFastenerWorkBench It is a utility class to get fasteners and groups from document. [**FeatureGenerator**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_FeatureGenerator_55282.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAFeatureGenerator. [**File**](InfInterfaces/interface_File_3552.md) object     Represents the file object. [**FileComponent**](InfInterfaces/interface_FileComponent_36715.md) object     Represents the file object. [**FileSystem**](InfInterfaces/interface_FileSystem_22052.md) object     Represents the file system object. [**Files**](InfInterfaces/interface_Files_5661.md) collection     A collection of all the file objects in a folder. [**Fillet**](PartInterfaces/interface_Fillet_8122.md) object     Represents the fillet shape. [**FittingSettingAtt**](FittingInterfaces/interface_FittingSettingAtt_61736.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of DMU Fitting Tools Options Tab page **Role** : This interface is implemented by a component which represents the controller of DMU Fitting Tools Options parameter settings. [**FixTogether**](MecModInterfaces/interface_FixTogether_26387.md) object     The object that manages a sequence of products or fixTogethers. [**FixTogethers**](MecModInterfaces/interface_FixTogethers_31656.md) collection     A collection of all the FixTogether objects contained in the product. [**FlagNote**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_FlagNote_13602.md) object     Interface for the TPS Flag Note object. [**Folder**](InfInterfaces/interface_Folder_8034.md) object     Represents the folder object. [**Folders**](InfInterfaces/interface_Folders_11053.md) collection     The folders object belongs to a folder. [**Formula**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Formula_11046.md) object     Represents the formula relation. [**FreeParameter**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_FreeParameter_36139.md) object      Interface to access a CATIAFreeParameter. [**FreeParameters**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_FreeParameters_42284.md) collection      Interface to access a CATIAFreeParameters. [**FreeSpace**](SMTInterfaces/interface_FreeSpace_16846.md) object      [**FreeSpaces**](SMTInterfaces/interface_FreeSpaces_21174.md) collection      Interface to compute Free Spaces. [**FreeState**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_FreeState_17355.md) object     Interface for accessing Free State modifier on a TPS. [**FuncSysOptimisationSettingAtt**](CATTechOptimizerItf/interface_FuncSysOptimisationSettingAtt_179182.md) object     Enables attribute access to PFO options. [**FunctActionsGroup**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctActionsGroup_62338.md) object      The interface to access a group of functional actions in a system. [**FunctActionsGroups**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctActionsGroups_70306.md) collection      The interface to access the groups of functional actions in a system. [**FunctAssociation**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctAssociation_55448.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Association. [**FunctAssociations**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctAssociations_62974.md) collection      The interface to access a set of Functional Associations. [**FunctFacetManagers**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctFacetManagers_67638.md) collection      Represents the Functional Facet's Managers. [**FunctGenScriptMgr**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctGenScriptMgr_60579.md) object      The interface to access a Functional GenerativeScripts manager. [**FunctMultiRepMgr**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctMultiRepMgr_53716.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Multi-Rep manager. [**FunctNodeGraphLayout**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctNodeGraphLayout_84548.md) object      Represents a CATIAFunctNodeGraphLayout. [**FunctScript**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctScript_26659.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Script. [**FunctScripts**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctScripts_31940.md) collection      The interface to access a set of Functional Scripts. [**FunctionalAction**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalAction_54696.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Action. [**FunctionalActions**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalActions_62210.md) collection      The interface to access a collection of FunctionalActions. [**FunctionalDescription**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalDescription_95375.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Description. [**FunctionalDocument**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalDocument_69860.md) object      Represents a Functional Document. [**FunctionalElement**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalElement_61851.md) object      Represents a Functional Element. [**FunctionalFacet**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalFacet_47340.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Facet. [**FunctionalFacetMgr**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalFacetMgr_67280.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Facet Manager. [**FunctionalObject**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalObject_54328.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Object. [**FunctionalObjectProxy**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalObjectProxy_94928.md) object      The interface to access a Functional ObjectProxy. [**FunctionalObjects**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalObjects_61835.md) collection      Interface to access a collection of FunctionalObjects. [**FunctionalPosition**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalPosition_70756.md) object      Represents a Functional Position. [**FunctionalSystemSettingAtt**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalSystemSettingAtt_144326.md) object     Enables attribute access to PFD options. [**FunctionalVariant**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalVariant_62254.md) object      The interface to access a Functional Variant. [**FunctionalVariants**](CATFunctSystemItf/interface_FunctionalVariants_70232.md) collection      The interface to access a collection of FunctionalVariants.

##  **G**

[**GeneralSessionSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_GeneralSessionSettingAtt_121966.md) object     Setting controller for the General property tab page. [**GeneralStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_GeneralStatisticsSettingAtt_154832.md) object     Interface for General statistic Controler. [**GenericAction**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_GenericAction_35767.md) object     Interface representing a GenericAction. [**GenericActionFactory**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_GenericActionFactory_84626.md) object     Interface representing GenericAction factory. [**GeometricElement**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_GeometricElement_54654.md) object     2D or 3D wireframe geometric element. [**GeometricElements**](MecModInterfaces/interface_GeometricElements_62160.md) collection     A collection of all geometric elements contained in a part or a sketch. [**Geometry2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Geometry2D_19898.md) object     2D wireframe geometric element. [**GlobalStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_GlobalStatisticsSettingAtt_143462.md) object     Interface for Global statistic Controler
**Role** : the global statistics controler manages the values of all or only a part of the attributes available for all the statistics thematics. [**Groove**](PartInterfaces/interface_Groove_8300.md) object     Represents the groove shape. [**Group**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Group_5945.md) object      Represents a DMU group. [**Groups**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Groups_8540.md) collection      A collection of all groups currently managed by the application.

##  **H**

[**Hole**](PartInterfaces/interface_Hole_3612.md) object     Hole Feature in Part Design. [**HomePosition**](DNBDeviceInterfaces/interface_HomePosition_31694.md) object     Interface representing a device's Home Position. [**HtsCCPSettingAtt**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HtsCCPSettingAtt_52058.md) object      [**HtsGeneralSettingAtt**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HtsGeneralSettingAtt_84134.md) object      [**HtsJointSpeedSettingsAtt**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HtsJointSpeedSettingsAtt_121408.md) object     Interface representing xxx. [**HtsTaskDisplaySettingAtt**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HtsTaskDisplaySettingAtt_121496.md) object      [**HumanActivityGroup**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HumanActivityGroup_70374.md) object     Interface representing xxx. [**HumanActivityGroupFactory**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HumanActivityGroupFactory_134129.md) object     The object that represents the Human Activity Group Factory. [**HumanActsFactory**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HumanActsFactory_54608.md) object     The object that represents the Human Activity Factory. [**HumanCallTask**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HumanCallTask_35076.md) object     Interface representing xxx. [**HumanProgram**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HumanProgram_31154.md) object     The object that represents program-node of Worker. [**HumanTask**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HumanTask_17446.md) object      [**HumanTaskList**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_HumanTaskList_36040.md) collection      [**HybridBodies**](MecModInterfaces/interface_HybridBodies_30456.md) collection     A collection of the HybridBody objects. [**HybridBody**](MecModInterfaces/interface_HybridBody_21378.md) object     The object is a hybrid body. [**HybridShape**](MecModInterfaces/interface_HybridShape_25589.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape object. [**HybridShape3DCurveOffset**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShape3DCurveOffset_116318.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape 3DCurve Offset operation feature. [**HybridShapeAffinity**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeAffinity_76221.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape affinity feature object. [**HybridShapeAssemble**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeAssemble_75219.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape assemble feature object. [**HybridShapeAxisLine**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeAxisLine_74458.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape axis line feature object. [**HybridShapeAxisToAxis**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeAxisToAxis_91226.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape axis to axis tranformation feature object. [**HybridShapeBlend**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeBlend_52604.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape blended surface object. [**HybridShapeBoundary**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeBoundary_76575.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape boundary feature object. [**HybridShapeBump**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeBump_47115.md) object     The Bump feature : an Bump is made up of a body to process and some Bump parameters. [**HybridShapeCircle**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircle_59719.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object. [**HybridShapeCircle2PointsRad**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircle2PointsRad_146741.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using two points and a radius. [**HybridShapeCircle3Points**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircle3Points_117560.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using three points. [**HybridShapeCircleBitangentPoint**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleBitangentPoint_199815.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using a point and tangent to two curves. [**HybridShapeCircleBitangentRadius**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleBitangentRadius_212126.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using a radius and tangent to two curves. [**HybridShapeCircleCenterAxis**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleCenterAxis_150107.md) object      Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using a point and axis/line. [**HybridShapeCircleCenterTangent**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleCenterTangent_186102.md) object      Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using a center, a curve and a support. [**HybridShapeCircleCtrPt**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleCtrPt_98914.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using a center and a point on the circle. [**HybridShapeCircleCtrRad**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleCtrRad_106865.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object defined using a center and a radius. [**HybridShapeCircleExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleExplicit_130251.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object explicitely defined. [**HybridShapeCircleTritangent**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCircleTritangent_152975.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape circle object tangent to three curves. [**HybridShapeCombine**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCombine_67178.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape combined curve object. [**HybridShapeConic**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeConic_52888.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape conic object. [**HybridShapeConnect**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeConnect_67838.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape connect curve object. [**HybridShapeCorner**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCorner_60814.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape corner feature. [**HybridShapeCurveExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCurveExplicit_121424.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Curve explicit feature object. [**HybridShapeCurvePar**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCurvePar_74955.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape curve parameter object. [**HybridShapeCurveSmooth**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCurveSmooth_102554.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape curve smoothing operation feature. [**HybridShapeCylinder**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeCylinder_75955.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Cylinder feature object. [**HybridShapeDevelop**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeDevelop_68134.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape develop feature object. [**HybridShapeDirection**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeDirection_84226.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape direction feature object. [**HybridShapeExtract**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeExtract_68586.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape extract feature object. [**HybridShapeExtractMulti**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeExtractMulti_111881.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape ExtractMulti feature object. [**HybridShapeExtrapol**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeExtrapol_76994.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape extrapolation feature object. [**HybridShapeExtremum**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeExtremum_77426.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape extremum feature object. [**HybridShapeExtremumPolar**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeExtremumPolar_122024.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape extremum polar feature. [**HybridShapeExtrude**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeExtrude_68828.md) object     The Extrude feature : an Extrude is made up of a face to process and one Extrude parameter. [**HybridShapeFactory**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeFactory_68680.md) object     Interface to create all kinds of HybridShape objects that may be needed in wireframe and surface design. [**HybridShapeFill**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeFill_46556.md) object     The Fill feature : an Fill is made up of a face to process and one Fill parameter. [**HybridShapeFilletBiTangent**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeFilletBiTangent_138802.md) object     Fillet Bi-Tangent feature. [**HybridShapeFilletTriTangent**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeFilletTriTangent_151605.md) object     Fillet Tri-Tangent feature. [**HybridShapeHealing**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeHealing_66984.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape healing feature object. [**HybridShapeHelix**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeHelix_53588.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape helix feature object. [**HybridShapeInstance**](MecModInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeInstance_75602.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAHybridShapeInstance. [**HybridShapeIntegratedLaw**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeIntegratedLaw_119452.md) object      Represents the hybrid shape "integrated" law feature object. [**HybridShapeIntersection**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeIntersection_112946.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape intersection feature object. [**HybridShapeInverse**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeInverse_68654.md) object     The Inverse feature : an Inverse is made up of a face to process and one Inverse parameter. [**HybridShapeLawDistProj**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLawDistProj_100210.md) object     Interface to law feature. [**HybridShapeLineAngle**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLineAngle_81468.md) object     Line defined from a reference curve, a plane or a surface, a point and an angle. [**HybridShapeLineBiTangent**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLineBiTangent_117650.md) object     Line tangent to a curve. [**HybridShapeLineBisecting**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLineBisecting_119248.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape bisecting line feature object. [**HybridShapeLineExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLineExplicit_110473.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape line explicit feature object. [**HybridShapeLineNormal**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLineNormal_91444.md) object     Line defined by a point and a direction normal to a surface. [**HybridShapeLinePtDir**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLinePtDir_81218.md) object     Line defined by a point and a direction. [**HybridShapeLinePtPt**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLinePtPt_73797.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape line between two points feature object. [**HybridShapeLineTangency**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLineTangency_109970.md) object     Line tangent to a curve. [**HybridShapeLoft**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeLoft_47138.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape loft surface feature object. [**HybridShapeNear**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeNear_46501.md) object     The Near feature : an Near is made up of a face to process and one Near parameter. [**HybridShapeOffset**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeOffset_60716.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape offset feature object. [**HybridShapePlane1Curve**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlane1Curve_97590.md) object     plane through a curve. [**HybridShapePlane1Line1Pt**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlane1Line1Pt_110762.md) object     Represents plane feature defined by a line and a point. [**HybridShapePlane2Lines**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlane2Lines_97036.md) object     plane defined by two lines. [**HybridShapePlane3Points**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlane3Points_108127.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape plane through three points feature object. [**HybridShapePlaneAngle**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneAngle_89924.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape plane angle feature object. [**HybridShapePlaneEquation**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneEquation_120590.md) object     Plane define by an equation plane. [**HybridShapePlaneExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneExplicit_120282.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Plane explicit feature object. [**HybridShapePlaneMean**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneMean_81488.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape mean plane feature object. [**HybridShapePlaneNormal**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneNormal_100394.md) object     Normal plane. [**HybridShapePlaneOffset**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneOffset_100364.md) object     Offset plane. [**HybridShapePlaneOffsetPt**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneOffsetPt_118752.md) object     Offset plane with point reference. [**HybridShapePlaneTangent**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePlaneTangent_109906.md) object     Tangency plane. [**HybridShapePointBetween**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointBetween_110853.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape PointBetween feature object. [**HybridShapePointCenter**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointCenter_101398.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape PointCenter feature object. [**HybridShapePointCoord**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointCoord_92194.md) object     Point defined by coordinates. [**HybridShapePointExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointExplicit_121688.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape point explicit feature object. [**HybridShapePointOnCurve**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointOnCurve_110373.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape point on a curve. [**HybridShapePointOnPlane**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointOnPlane_108958.md) object     Point on a plane. [**HybridShapePointOnSurface**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointOnSurface_129465.md) object     Represents the Point on Surface feature objects. [**HybridShapePointTangent**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePointTangent_111286.md) object     Point Tangent. [**HybridShapePolyline**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePolyline_76765.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape polyline curve object. [**HybridShapePositionTransfo**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapePositionTransfo_143932.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape position transformation feature object. [**HybridShapeProject**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeProject_68370.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape project feature object. [**HybridShapeReflectLine**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeReflectLine_99604.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape reflect line feature object. [**HybridShapeRevol**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeRevol_54128.md) object     The Revol feature : an Revol is made up of a face to process and one Revol parameter. [**HybridShapeRotate**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeRotate_60980.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape rotate feature object. [**HybridShapeScaling**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeScaling_67358.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape scaling feature object. [**HybridShapeSection**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSection_68352.md) object     Interface to hybrid shape section feature. [**HybridShapeSphere**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSphere_60614.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape sphere feature object. [**HybridShapeSpine**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSpine_53676.md) object     Represents the hybrid spine curve feature object. [**HybridShapeSpiral**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSpiral_60794.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Spiral feature object. [**HybridShapeSpline**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSpline_60786.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape spline feature object. [**HybridShapeSplit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSplit_54298.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape split feature object. [**HybridShapeSurfaceExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSurfaceExplicit_141550.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Surface explicit feature object. [**HybridShapeSweep**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSweep_53908.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Sweep feature object. [**HybridShapeSweepCircle**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSweepCircle_100044.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape sweep circle feature object. [**HybridShapeSweepConic**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSweepConic_91167.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape conic sweep feature. [**HybridShapeSweepExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSweepExplicit_121314.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Sweep explicit feature object. [**HybridShapeSweepLine**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSweepLine_82824.md) object     Represents the sweep line object. [**HybridShapeSymmetry**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeSymmetry_78389.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape symmetry feature object. [**HybridShapeThickness**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeThickness_84752.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Thickness feature object. [**HybridShapeTransfer**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeTransfer_76460.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Transfer feature object. [**HybridShapeTranslate**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeTranslate_84680.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape translate feature object. [**HybridShapeTrim**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeTrim_47387.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape trim object. [**HybridShapeUnfold**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeUnfold_60645.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Unfold feature object. [**HybridShapeVolumeExplicit**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeVolumeExplicit_132217.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Volume explicit feature object. [**HybridShapeWrapCurve**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeWrapCurve_83970.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape wrap curve surface object. [**HybridShapeWrapSurface**](GSMInterfaces/interface_HybridShapeWrapSurface_100696.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape wrap surface object. [**HybridShapes**](MecModInterfaces/interface_HybridShapes_30836.md) collection     The collection of the HybridShapes making up a body. [**Hyperbola2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Hyperbola2D_23520.md) object      Class defining an hyperbola in 2D Space. [**Hyperlink**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Hyperlink_18250.md) object      Represents a hyperlink marker. [**Hyperlinks**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Hyperlinks_22650.md) collection

##  **I**

[**IDispatch**](System/interface_IDispatch_17333.md) object     Base interface for all Automation interfaces. [**IPDTemplateProperty**](CATIPDAdapterInterfaces/interface_IPDTemplateProperty_77124.md) object     Interface to access template object (being pointed by the given V5 object) properties. [**IUnknown**](System/interface_IUnknown_14460.md) object     Base interface for all interfaces. [**IgesSettingAtt**](CATIdeSettingsInterfaces/interface_IgesSettingAtt_41708.md) object     Represents the CATIA IGES setting controller object. [**IgpOlpSettingAtt**](DNBIgpOlpUI/interface_IgpOlpSettingAtt_54000.md) object     Represents the Offline Programming setting controller object. [**ImportD5SettingAtt**](DNBD5IInterfaces/interface_ImportD5SettingAtt_66590.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of General-Compatibility-DELMIA D5 Tools Options Tab page. [**Inertia**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Inertia_10894.md) object      Represents the Inertia object. [**Inertias**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Inertias_14370.md) collection      A collection of all inertia objects currently managed by the application. [**InstanceFactory**](MecModInterfaces/interface_InstanceFactory_48601.md) object      Represents the CATIAInstanceFactory. [**IntParam**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_IntParam_13730.md) object     Represents the integer parameter. [**InteropSettingAtt**](CATIAV4Interfaces/interface_InteropSettingAtt_62074.md) object     Represents the object to handle the setting parameters of the "V4 Data Reading" tab page. [**Intersect**](PartInterfaces/interface_Intersect_18201.md) object     Represents the intersect boolean operation. [**Item**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_Item_3684.md) object     The object that represents an item. [**Items**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_Items_5808.md) collection     The collection of items related to the current activity.

##  **J**

[**Joint**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_Joint_5842.md) object     Interface to manage the Joint object. [**Joints**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_Joints_8428.md) collection      A collection of all Joint entities currently managed by the application.

##  **K**

[**KinematicsWorkbench**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_KinematicsWorkbench_76941.md) object      Interface to access all Kinematics entities. [**KnowledgeActivateObject**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_KnowledgeActivateObject_110372.md) object      Interface to access a CATIAKnowledgeActivableObject. [**KnowledgeObject**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_KnowledgeObject_47429.md) object      Interface to access a CATIAKnowledgeObject. [**KnowledgeSheetSettingAtt**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_KnowledgeSheetSettingAtt_121070.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAKnowledgeSheetSettingAtt.

##  **L**

[**LanguageSheetSettingAtt**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_LanguageSheetSettingAtt_110732.md) object      The interface to access a CATIALanguageSheetSettingAtt. [**Law**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Law_2130.md) object      Represents the Law object. [**Layout2DFactory**](Drafting2DLInterfaces/interface_Layout2DFactory_46634.md) object      [**Layout2DRoot**](Drafting2DLInterfaces/interface_Layout2DRoot_29538.md) object     Interface to manage the 2D Layout root. [**Layout2DSettingAtt**](Drafting2DLInterfaces/interface_Layout2DSettingAtt_66620.md) object      The interface to access a CATIA2DLSettingAtt. [**Layout2DSheet**](Drafting2DLInterfaces/interface_Layout2DSheet_34133.md) object     The interface to access a Layout2D Sheet. [**Layout2DSheets**](Drafting2DLInterfaces/interface_Layout2DSheets_40224.md) collection     A collection of all the Layout sheets 2DL currently managed by the LayoutRoot. [**Layout2DView**](Drafting2DLInterfaces/interface_Layout2DView_29234.md) object      The interface to access a Layout2D View. [**Layout2DViews**](Drafting2DLInterfaces/interface_Layout2DViews_34886.md) collection      [**Length**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Length_8108.md) object     Represents the length parameter. [**LibTabSettingAtt**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_LibTabSettingAtt_53228.md) object      [**LicenseSettingAtt**](System/interface_LicenseSettingAtt_61302.md) object     Interface to handle the licensing settings. [**LightSource**](InfInterfaces/interface_LightSource_26277.md) object     Represents the light source. [**LightSources**](InfInterfaces/interface_LightSources_31546.md) collection     A collection of all the LightSource objects. [**Limit**](PartInterfaces/interface_Limit_5781.md) object     Represents the limit of a prism or a hole shape. [**Line**](GSMInterfaces/interface_Line_3608.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Line feature object. [**Line2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Line2D_6416.md) object      Class defining a line in 2D Space. [**LinearRepartition**](PartInterfaces/interface_LinearRepartition_62934.md) object     Represents the linear repartition. [**List**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_List_3838.md) collection      Represents a CATIAList. [**ListParameter**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ListParameter_36657.md) object      Represents a CATIAListParameter. [**Loft**](PartInterfaces/interface_Loft_3756.md) object     Loft feature. [**Loop**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Loop_3798.md) object      The interface to access a CATIALoop.

##  **M**

[**MHILoadParameters**](DNBMHIInterfaces/interface_MHILoadParameters_59730.md) object     Interface representing a means to set information that is needed for the load and also to retrieve this information on the loaded document. [**MHIOpenAccess**](DNBMHIInterfaces/interface_MHIOpenAccess_33992.md) object     Interface representing a means to load data from the Hub into V5. [**MHIRelationManagement**](CATIPDAdapterInterfaces/interface_MHIRelationManagement_91243.md) object     Interface to access all supported relation types and a relation object's atrribute provider to access it's attributes **Role** :

This interface, given a V5 process, product(or resource) object and the relation type will get the handle to the relation object's attribute provider. [**MHISaveAccess**](DNBMHIInterfaces/interface_MHISaveAccess_33913.md) object     Interface representing a means to (1) Save data to the Hub (2) Retrieve certain information on the loaded document

DNBIAMHISaveAccess is implemented on Document. [**MachiningProcess**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_MachiningProcess_55046.md) object     MachiningProcess defines a set of properties and methods to apply a Machining Process to a geometrical feature (design or manufacturing). [**MacrosSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_MacrosSettingAtt_54668.md) object      Setting controller for the Macros tab page. [**ManipSettingAtt**](FittingInterfaces/interface_ManipSettingAtt_47906.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of DMU Manip Tools Options Tab page **Role** : This interface is implemented by a component which represents the controller of DMU Manip Tools Options parameter settings. [**ManufacturingAPTGenerator**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingAPTGenerator_129376.md) object     Generator of APT output machining code. [**ManufacturingActivity**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingActivity_95999.md) object     ManufacturingActivity defines a set of methods and mainly adds some specific methods and services in Manufacturing on ProcessPlan Activities. [**ManufacturingCopyTransformation**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingCopyTransformation_207460.md) object     Interface representing the Manufacturing Copy Transformation object. [**ManufacturingFeature**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingFeature_85800.md) object     ManufacturingFeature defines a set of methods to access a Manufacturing Feature. [**ManufacturingFeatures**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingFeatures_95125.md) collection     Collection of Manufacturing Features. [**ManufacturingGeneratorData**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingGeneratorData_141888.md) object     Represents the manufacturing output stream object. [**ManufacturingHole**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingHole_61666.md) object     Hole Feature in Machining domain. [**ManufacturingInsert**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingInsert_78415.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAManufacturingInsert. [**ManufacturingMachinableArea**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingMachinableArea_149911.md) object     Machinable Area in Manufacturing. [**ManufacturingMachinableFeature**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingMachinableFeature_187924.md) object     Machinable Feature in Manufacturing. [**ManufacturingMachinableGeometry**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingMachinableGeometry_202868.md) object     Represents the machinable geometry object. [**ManufacturingMachine**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingMachine_84488.md) object     Machine in machining domain. [**ManufacturingMachiningAxis**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingMachiningAxis_142294.md) object     ManufacturingMachiningAxis defines a set of methods to manage a Machining Axis System or an Origin. [**ManufacturingOperation**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingOperation_104658.md) object     ManufacturingOperation defines a set of methods. [**ManufacturingOutput**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingOutput_79839.md) object     Object that represents the output machining code. [**ManufacturingOutputGenerator**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingOutputGenerator_169508.md) object     Father object to generate output machining code. [**ManufacturingPattern**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingPattern_86712.md) object     The Manufacturing Pattern is a specialized feature used to machine the same item several times at several positions. [**ManufacturingPrecedence**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingPrecedence_111444.md) object     Defines a precedence relation between objects. [**ManufacturingPrecedences**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingPrecedences_122094.md) collection     Interface that manage the precedences for an object of type @ CATIAManufacturingActivity. [**ManufacturingPrismaticMachiningArea**](PrismaticMachiningInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingPrismaticMachiningArea_254013.md) object     ManufacturingPrismaticMachiningArea defines a set of properties and methods. [**ManufacturingProcess**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingProcess_86742.md) object     A ManufacturingProcess for a Manufacturing Document. [**ManufacturingProgram**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingProgram_86282.md) object     A ManufacturingProgram for a Manufacturing Document. [**ManufacturingSetup**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingSetup_70728.md) object     A ManufacturingSetup for a Manufacturing Document. [**ManufacturingSurfaceGeomArea**](SurfaceMachiningInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingSurfaceGeomArea_161338.md) object     Represents the Manufacturing Surface NCGeometry. [**ManufacturingSurfaceMachiningArea**](SurfaceMachiningInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingSurfaceMachiningArea_224490.md) object     Represents the Manufacturing Surface Machining Area. [**ManufacturingTool**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingTool_62710.md) object     A ManufacturingTool for a Manufacturing Document. [**ManufacturingToolAssembly**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingToolAssembly_133824.md) object      Represents the tool assembly. [**ManufacturingToolCorrector**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingToolCorrector_145356.md) object     Manufacturing tool corrector. [**ManufacturingToolMotion**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingToolMotion_113852.md) object     A ManufacturingToolMotion for a Manufacturing Document. [**ManufacturingView**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_ManufacturingView_62589.md) object     The Manufacturing View is the object that holds all the manufacturing features of the model. [**Marker2D**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Marker2D_12072.md) object      Represents a marker 2D in a specified annotated view. [**Marker2Ds**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Marker2Ds_15905.md) collection      A collection of Marker2Ds objects. [**Marker3D**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Marker3D_12094.md) object      Represents a marker 3D. [**Marker3Ds**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_Marker3Ds_15928.md) collection      A collection of Marker3D objects. [**MarkerSettingAtt**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_MarkerSettingAtt_54542.md) object      Interface to handle the Marker settings

The different settings are:

MarkerAutoUpdate
Update on product structure modifications and scenes activation. [**Material**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_Material_14052.md) object     Represents a Material object. [**MaterialCondition**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_MaterialCondition_61948.md) object     Interface for accessing Material Condition modifier on a TPS. [**MaterialDocument**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_MaterialDocument_54972.md) object     Represents the Document object for materials. [**MaterialESSObjectSettingAtt**](StructureInterfaces/interface_MaterialESSObjectSettingAtt_148682.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAMaterialESSObjectSettingAtt. [**MaterialFamilies**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_MaterialFamilies_54108.md) collection     A collection of all the MaterialFamily objects. [**MaterialFamily**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_MaterialFamily_41796.md) object     Represents a Material Family object. [**MaterialManager**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_MaterialManager_47242.md) object     Interface to manage material manager object. [**Materials**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_Materials_17972.md) collection     A collection of all the Material objects. [**Measurable**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Measurable_21738.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAMeasurable Get measurements on the object. [**MeasureSettingAtt**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_MeasureSettingAtt_61701.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAMeasureSettingAtt. [**Mechanism**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_Mechanism_17799.md) object      Interface to access the Mechanism object. [**MechanismCommand**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_MechanismCommand_53914.md) object     Interface to access the Command object (in Kinematics context). [**MechanismCommands**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_MechanismCommands_61399.md) collection      A collection of all MechanismCommand entities currently managed by the application. [**Mechanisms**](KinematicsInterfaces/interface_Mechanisms_22166.md) collection      A collection of all Mechanism entities currently managed by the application. [**MemoryWarningSettingAtt**](System/interface_MemoryWarningSettingAtt_112572.md) object     Represents the base object to handle the parameters of memory warning mechanism. [**Merges**](SMTInterfaces/interface_Merges_8122.md) collection      [**MfgActivities**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_MfgActivities_36625.md) collection     The collection of MfgActivities related to the Manufacturing Document . [**MfgAssembly**](DNBDpmInterfaces/interface_MfgAssembly_26228.md) object      This Interface represents a Manufacturing Assembly. [**MfgHubSettingAtt**](CATIPDAdapterInterfaces/interface_MfgHubSettingAtt_53528.md) object     Represents the Manufacturing Hub setting controller object. [**MfgToolMotions**](ManufacturingInterfaces/interface_MfgToolMotions_42584.md) collection     The collection of MfgToolMotions related to the Manufacturing Document . [**MigrBatchSettingAtt**](CATIAV4Interfaces/interface_MigrBatchSettingAtt_75348.md) object     Represents the object to handle the setting parameters of the "Migration Batch" tab page. [**Mirror**](PartInterfaces/interface_Mirror_8458.md) object     Represents the mirror shape. [**MonoDimFeatEdge**](MecModInterfaces/interface_MonoDimFeatEdge_44932.md) object     1-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is one dimensional. [**MountActivity**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_MountActivity_37740.md) object     Interface representing a Mount Activity. [**MountManager**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_MountManager_30906.md) object     Represents the Mount Manger of a Robot. [**Move**](InfInterfaces/interface_Move_3742.md) object     Represents an object associated with any kind of objects which retrieves the corresponding movable object. [**MoveActionActivity**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_MoveActionActivity_69860.md) object     Interface representing a Move Activity inside a generic Action (Close Gun/Open Gun etc). [**MoveToPostureActivity**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_MoveToPostureActivity_95761.md) object     The object that represents an MoveToPosture(MTP) Activity. [**MultiCADSettingAtt**](CATMultiCADInterfaces/interface_MultiCADSettingAtt_65572.md) object

##  **N**

[**N4DNavigatorSettingAtt**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_N4DNavigatorSettingAtt_100038.md) object      Interface to handle the settings of the DMU Navigator workbench. [**NavigatorWorkbench**](NavigatorInterfaces/interface_NavigatorWorkbench_69502.md) object      The object to manage all DMU Navigator entities. [**Noa**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Noa_2040.md) object     Interface for the TPS Noa object. [**NonSemanticDatum**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_NonSemanticDatum_54142.md) object      [**NonSemanticGDT**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_NonSemanticGDT_38338.md) object      [**NotWireBoundaryMonoDimFeatVertex**](MecModInterfaces/interface_NotWireBoundaryMonoDimFeatVertex_212840.md) object     0-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is one dimensional, the boundary not beeing the extremity of the feature.

##  **O**

[**Operation**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_Operation_18217.md) object     Represents an Operation. [**Optimization**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Optimization_32466.md) object      Represents an Optimization object. [**OptimizationConstraint**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_OptimizationConstraint_106166.md) object      Represents an optimization constraint. [**OptimizationConstraints**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_OptimizationConstraints_116449.md) collection      Represents a collection of Optimization Constraint. [**Optimizations**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Optimizations_38238.md) collection      Represents a collection of optimization features. [**OptimizerWorkBench**](SMTInterfaces/interface_OptimizerWorkBench_68592.md) object      [**OrderedGeometricalSet**](MecModInterfaces/interface_OrderedGeometricalSet_92509.md) object     The object is an ordered geometrical set. [**OrderedGeometricalSets**](MecModInterfaces/interface_OrderedGeometricalSets_102240.md) collection     A collection of the OrderedGeometricalSet objects. [**OriginElements**](MecModInterfaces/interface_OriginElements_42458.md) object     Represents the part's 3D reference axis system. [**Outputs**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_Outputs_11794.md) collection     The collection of outputs related to the current activity.

##  **P**

[**PCBArea**](PCBoardBase/interface_PCBArea_9184.md) object      [**PCBBoard**](PCBoardBase/interface_PCBBoard_12430.md) object      [**PCBComponent**](PCBoardBase/interface_PCBComponent_30246.md) object      [**PCBHoleAndPattern**](PCBoardBase/interface_PCBHoleAndPattern_58448.md) object      [**PCBObject**](PCBoardBase/interface_PCBObject_16102.md) object [**PCBWorkbench**](PCBoardBase/interface_PCBWorkbench_29484.md) object      Interface to access Circuit Board Design workbench object. [**PCSStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_PCSStatisticsSettingAtt_111088.md) object     Interface for PCS statistic Controler
**Role** : the PCS statistics controler manages the values of all or only a part of the attributes available for the thematic. [**PPRActivity**](PPRInterfaces/interface_PPRActivity_26061.md) object      The interface is used to retrieve the items and resources of the current Activity. [**PPRDocument**](PPRInterfaces/interface_PPRDocument_25569.md) object      This interface is used to access Processes, Products and Resources. [**PPRProducts**](PPRInterfaces/interface_PPRProducts_26022.md) collection      This interface is used to retrieve and add Products from and to the list of Products. [**Pad**](PartInterfaces/interface_Pad_1979.md) object     Represents the pad shape. [**PageSetup**](InfInterfaces/interface_PageSetup_17718.md) object     Represents the page setup. [**Parabola2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Parabola2D_18844.md) object      Class defining an parabola in 2D Space. [**Parameter**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Parameter_17963.md) object     Represents the parameter. [**ParameterProfiles**](DNBRobotInterfaces/interface_ParameterProfiles_62353.md) object     Interface to manage an user-defined applicative parameter profile. [**ParameterProfilesFactory**](DNBRobotInterfaces/interface_ParameterProfilesFactory_123154.md) object     Interface to manage an user-defined applicative parameter profile(s) defined on a robot controller. [**ParameterSet**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ParameterSet_31016.md) object      Represents parameter set. [**ParameterSets**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ParameterSets_36730.md) collection     Represents a collection of parameter sets. [**Parameters**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Parameters_22342.md) collection     Represents the Parameters collection of the part or the product. [**Part**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Part_3788.md) object     The root level object inside a PartDocument object. [**PartComp**](SMTInterfaces/interface_PartComp_13928.md) object      [**PartComps**](SMTInterfaces/interface_PartComps_17839.md) collection      [**PartDocument**](MecModInterfaces/interface_PartDocument_31472.md) object     Represents the Document object for parts. [**PartInfrastructureSettingAtt**](MecModInterfaces/interface_PartInfrastructureSettingAtt_168320.md) object     Setting controller for all the Part Infrastructure property tab pages. [**ParticularTolElem**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_ParticularTolElem_60749.md) object     Interface for accessing particular geometry of the toleranced element. [**PathESSRessourcesSettingAtt**](StructureInterfaces/interface_PathESSRessourcesSettingAtt_152193.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAPathESSRessourcesSettingAtt. [**Pattern**](PartInterfaces/interface_Pattern_11228.md) object     Represents the pattern shape. [**PertNode**](DNBGraphEditor/interface_PertNode_13712.md) object      This Interface represents a PertNode in the PERT Chart. [**PickActivity**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_PickActivity_31684.md) object     The object that represents an PickActivity. [**PlaceActivity**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_PlaceActivity_36778.md) object     The object that represents an PlaceActivity. [**PlanarFace**](MecModInterfaces/interface_PlanarFace_20456.md) object     2-D boundary with a planar geometry. [**Plane**](GSMInterfaces/interface_Plane_5544.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Plane feature object. [**Pocket**](PartInterfaces/interface_Pocket_8140.md) object     Represents the pocket shape. [**Point**](GSMInterfaces/interface_Point_5884.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape Point feature object. [**Point2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Point2D_9306.md) object      Class defining a point in 2D Space. [**PointFastener**](DNBFastenerInterfaces/interface_PointFastener_36726.md) object     Interface DELMIAPointFastener DELMIAPointFastener represent body in white fasteners of type point. [**Position**](InfInterfaces/interface_Position_14692.md) object     Represents the position object. [**PositionedMaterial**](CATMatInterfaces/interface_PositionedMaterial_69160.md) object     Represents a Positioned Material object. [**PrintArea**](DraftingInterfaces/interface_PrintArea_17142.md) object     Manages print area of drawing sheet. [**Printer**](InfInterfaces/interface_Printer_11274.md) object     Represents a printer handled by the printing subsystem. [**Printers**](InfInterfaces/interface_Printers_14774.md) collection     A collection of all the Printer objects managed by the application. [**PrintersSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_PrintersSettingAtt_69832.md) object     Represents a setting controller for the printer settings. [**Prism**](PartInterfaces/interface_Prism_5871.md) object     Prism-based features in Part Design : base for pad or pocket. [**ProcessDocument**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_ProcessDocument_49006.md) object      This interface is used to access the PPRDocument and to add a new library. [**Product**](ProductStructureInterfaces/interface_Product_11223.md) object     Represents the product. [**ProductDocument**](ProductStructureInterfaces/interface_ProductDocument_49026.md) object     Represents the Document object for product structures. [**ProductScene**](OSMInterfaces/interface_ProductScene_30810.md) object     Represent the Product-Scene. [**ProductScenes**](OSMInterfaces/interface_ProductScenes_36526.md) collection     A collection of ProductScenes contained in a given ProductDocument. [**Products**](ProductStructureInterfaces/interface_Products_14720.md) collection     The collection of the Product objects contained in a given Product object of a ProductDocument object. [**ProjectedToleranceZone**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_ProjectedToleranceZone_102086.md) object     Interface for accessing projected tolerance zone informations of a TPS. [**PspAppFactory**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspAppFactory_36446.md) object     Represents the application factory. [**PspApplication**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspApplication_42486.md) object     Represents an application. [**PspAttribute**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspAttribute_31780.md) object     Represents Attribute Interface to query Plant Ship objects' attributes. [**PspAttributeReport**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspAttributeReport_70682.md) object     Represents the Attribute Report. [**PspBuildPart**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspBuildPart_30554.md) object     Represents Interface to create and modify a part. [**PspClass**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspClass_13994.md) object     Represent Interface to list the start up object classes of an application. [**PspCntrFlow**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspCntrFlow_26160.md) object     Represents Interface to manage Connector Flow property. [**PspConnectable**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspConnectable_41588.md) object     Represents an Interface to manage object behaviors in making connections. [**PspConnector**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspConnector_31646.md) object     Represents connector object. [**PspFunctional**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspFunctional_36800.md) object     Represents Plant Ship functional object. [**PspGroup**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspGroup_14418.md) object     Represent the Group. [**PspGroupable**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspGroupable_31100.md) object     Represent the Groupable object that can be grouped by Group object. [**PspID**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspID_4796.md) object     Represents the interface to generate and set IDs for the Distributive System Objects. [**PspLightBend**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspLightBend_29782.md) object     Represents the Light bendable object. [**PspLightConnector**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspLightConnector_62040.md) object     Represents the light connector. [**PspLightPart**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspLightPart_30786.md) object     Represents the light part. [**PspListOfBSTRs**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfBSTRs_38188.md) object     Represents a collection of CATBSTR type of strings. [**PspListOfDoubles**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfDoubles_53834.md) object     Represents a collection of double values. [**PspListOfLongs**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfLongs_41364.md) object     Represents a collection of Long values. [**PspListOfObjects**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspListOfObjects_53716.md) object     Represents a collection of Objects. [**PspLogicalLine**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspLogicalLine_40658.md) object     Represents the logical line. [**PspObject**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspObject_17416.md) object     Represents PspObject. [**PspPartConnector**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspPartConnector_55256.md) object     Represent the Part Connector to manage the technological data on connectors. [**PspPhsyicalProduct**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspPhsyicalProduct_69816.md) object     Represents the interface to manage the technological connectors on physical objects. [**PspPhysical**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspPhysical_26308.md) object     Represents the object to access Plant Ship physical object information. [**PspPlacePart**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspPlacePart_30238.md) object     Represents the Place physical parts object. [**PspResource**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspResource_26635.md) object     Represents the PspResource. [**PspSpatial**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspSpatial_21700.md) object     Represents the Psp Spatial object. [**PspStretchableData**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspStretchableData_67114.md) object     Represents the PspStretchableData object. [**PspTempListFactory**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspTempListFactory_69400.md) object      Create temporary (non-persistent) lists to be used in VB environment. [**PspWorkbench**](CATPlantShipInterfaces/interface_PspWorkbench_31080.md) object     Represents the PspWorkbench. [**Publication**](ProductStructureInterfaces/interface_Publication_26668.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAPublication. [**Publications**](ProductStructureInterfaces/interface_Publications_31954.md) collection     The collection of the Product publications.

##  **R**

[**RRSSettingAtt**](DNBRobotInterfaces/interface_RRSSettingAtt_35244.md) object     Interface to handle parameters of IGRIP RRS Tools Options Tab page **Role** : This interface is implemented by a component which represents the controller of IGRIP RRS Tools Options parameter settings. [**RealParam**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_RealParam_17053.md) object     Represents the real parameter. [**RectPattern**](PartInterfaces/interface_RectPattern_26504.md) object     Represents the rectangular pattern. [**RectilinearBiDimFeatEdge**](MecModInterfaces/interface_RectilinearBiDimFeatEdge_114366.md) object     1-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is two dimensional, the boundary having a rectilinear geometry. [**RectilinearMonoDimFeatEdge**](MecModInterfaces/interface_RectilinearMonoDimFeatEdge_136236.md) object     1-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is one dimensional, the boundary having a rectilinear geometry. [**RectilinearTriDimFeatEdge**](MecModInterfaces/interface_RectilinearTriDimFeatEdge_125698.md) object     1-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is three dimensional, the boundary having a rectilinear geometry. [**Reference**](InfInterfaces/interface_Reference_17481.md) object     Represents an object pointing to another object. [**ReferenceFrame**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_ReferenceFrame_40808.md) object     Interface designed to manage reference frame associated to a TPS. [**References**](InfInterfaces/interface_References_21842.md) collection     A collection of all the references aggregated in an object. [**Relation**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Relation_14366.md) object     Represents the relation object. [**Relations**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Relations_18301.md) collection     Represents the collection of relations of the part or the product. [**Remove**](PartInterfaces/interface_Remove_8234.md) object     Represents the remove, or substract boolean operation. [**RemoveFace**](PartInterfaces/interface_RemoveFace_20726.md) object     Represents the Remove Face operation. [**RenderingEnvironment**](CATRscInterfaces/interface_RenderingEnvironment_87036.md) object     Represents a Environment object. [**RenderingEnvironmentWall**](CATRscInterfaces/interface_RenderingEnvironmentWall_123106.md) object     Represents a Environment object. [**RenderingEnvironments**](CATRscInterfaces/interface_RenderingEnvironments_96380.md) collection     A collection of all the Rendering Environments objects. [**RenderingLight**](CATRscInterfaces/interface_RenderingLight_41764.md) object     Represents a Rendering Light object. [**RenderingLights**](CATRscInterfaces/interface_RenderingLights_48369.md) collection     A collection of all the Rendering Lights objects. [**RenderingMaterial**](CATRmaInterfaces/interface_RenderingMaterial_61289.md) object     Represents an RenderingMaterial object. [**RenderingSettingAtt**](CATRdgInterfaces/interface_RenderingSettingAtt_76685.md) object      The interface to access a CATIARenderingSettingAtt. [**RenderingShooting**](CATRscInterfaces/interface_RenderingShooting_62481.md) object     Represents a Material object. [**RenderingShootings**](CATRscInterfaces/interface_RenderingShootings_70460.md) collection     A collection of all the Rendering Shootings objects. [**Repartition**](PartInterfaces/interface_Repartition_27263.md) object     Represents the repartition. [**ReplaceFace**](PartInterfaces/interface_ReplaceFace_24481.md) object     Represents the Replace Face operation. [**Replay**](SimulationInterfaces/interface_Replay_8252.md) object      [**ReportGenerationSheetSettingAtt**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ReportGenerationSheetSettingAtt_202432.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAReportGenerationSheetSettingAtt. [**Resource**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_Resource_14406.md) object     The object that represents a resource. [**ResourceCollection**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_ResourceCollection_69820.md) collection     Interface representing collection of Resources. [**ResourceProgramManager**](DNBResourceProgramInterfaces/interface_ResourceProgramManager_101930.md) object     Represents the Resource Program manager of a resource. [**Resources**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_Resources_18351.md) collection     The collection of resources related to the current activity. [**Revolution**](PartInterfaces/interface_Revolution_22940.md) object     Represents the revolution-based shapes. [**Rib**](PartInterfaces/interface_Rib_2027.md) object     Represents the rib shape. [**RobAnalysisHeartBeatUsageSettingAtt**](DNBRobotInterfaces/interface_RobAnalysisHeartBeatUsageSettingAtt_252491.md) object      Interface to handle the parameter used to set as an option, to either enable or disable robot heart beat rate while motion planning, in the Infrastructure-DELMIA Infrastructure-Robot Analysis Tools Options Tab page. [**RobAnalysisSettingAtt**](DNBRobotInterfaces/interface_RobAnalysisSettingAtt_93582.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of Infrastructure-DELMIA Infrastructure-Robot Analysis Tools Options Tab page. [**RobotMotion**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_RobotMotion_26736.md) object     Represents a Robot Motion. [**RobotTask**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_RobotTask_17665.md) object     Represents the Robot Task. [**RobotTaskFactory**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_RobotTaskFactory_55086.md) object     Represents the Task Creation Factory for Robots. [**Rotate**](PartInterfaces/interface_Rotate_8190.md) object     Represents the shape rotate feature object. [**Roughness**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Roughness_18440.md) object     Interface to manage Roughness TPS. [**RpmReport**](CATReporterInterfaces/interface_RpmReport_18193.md) object      [**Rule**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Rule_3720.md) object     Represents the program relation.

##  **S**

[**SPAWorkbench**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_SPAWorkbench_29716.md) object      The object to manage all Space Analysis objects. [**SWKIKConstraint**](DNBHumanModelingInterfaces/interface_SWKIKConstraint_46742.md) object      This interface manages the constraint of the manikin. [**SWKManikin**](DNBHumanModelingInterfaces/interface_SWKManikin_20702.md) object      This interface groups the methods directly related to the definition of a manikin. [**SWKManikinPart**](DNBHumanModelingInterfaces/interface_SWKManikinPart_40524.md) object      This interface represents any part of the manikin that is persistent. [**Sampled**](FittingInterfaces/interface_Sampled_10766.md) object      The interface to access a CATIASampled based object. [**Scaling**](PartInterfaces/interface_Scaling_10755.md) object     Represents the scaling shape. [**Scaling2**](PartInterfaces/interface_Scaling2_12660.md) object     Represents the Scaling2 feature object. [**Scene**](OSMInterfaces/interface_Scene_5528.md) object     Represent the scene. [**SceneProductData**](OSMInterfaces/interface_SceneProductData_53304.md) object      The interface to access a CATIASceneProduct

Using this prefered syntax will enable mkdoc to document your class. [**SceneWorkbench**](OSMInterfaces/interface_SceneWorkbench_41664.md) object      Represent the access point to scenes management. [**Scenes**](OSMInterfaces/interface_Scenes_8092.md) collection     A collection of scenes contained in a given ProductDocument. [**SchAnnotationBreak**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAnnotationBreak_67882.md) object      Manage an annotation break operations. [**SchApp2DZoneFrom3DZone**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchApp2DZoneFrom3DZone_92458.md) object      Manage a 2D zone that is dropped off from 3D counterpart. [**SchAppClass**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppClass_25259.md) object      Manage the class hierarchy of an application model. [**SchAppCntrColor**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppCntrColor_47105.md) object      Manage graphical representation of schematic connector. [**SchAppCntrData**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppCntrData_39832.md) object      Manage a schematic connector data. [**SchAppCntrDocLink**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppCntrDocLink_58592.md) object      Manage a schematic connector. [**SchAppCntrFlow**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppCntrFlow_41046.md) object      Manage the technical attributes of a schematic connector. [**SchAppCntrName**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppCntrName_40080.md) object      Manage a schematic connector. [**SchAppCntrShow**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppCntrShow_41362.md) object      Manage graphical representation of schematic connector. [**SchAppCompatible**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppCompatible_53534.md) object      Provide application rules of how to connect objects. [**SchAppComponent**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppComponent_48184.md) object      Represents an application component object. [**SchAppConnectable**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppConnectable_60005.md) object      Represents an application object that can be connected to others. [**SchAppConnection**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppConnection_54308.md) object      Manage a schematic connection. [**SchAppConnector**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppConnector_47916.md) object      Manage a schematic connector. [**SchAppDeleteCheck**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppDeleteCheck_58184.md) object      Manage the deletion of a schematic object. [**SchAppDeleteCheck2**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppDeleteCheck2_62532.md) object      Manage the deletion of a schematic object. [**SchAppEnvironment**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppEnvironment_62414.md) object      Manage the application environment in a schematic session. [**SchAppGapPriority**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppGapPriority_61671.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a route. [**SchAppGroup**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppGroup_25890.md) object      Manage application group. [**SchAppModelInit**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppModelInit_46392.md) object      Manage the initialization of application model. [**SchAppMultiImage**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppMultiImage_52614.md) object      Interface to manage the image object in the Multi-Image-Object concept. [**SchAppMultiImageMaster**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppMultiImageMaster_100118.md) object      Interface to manage the master object in the Multi-Image-Object concept. [**SchAppObjectFactory**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppObjectFactory_75566.md) object      Application factory to create application objects. [**SchAppObjectFactory2**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppObjectFactory2_80468.md) object      Application factory to create application objects. [**SchAppReplace**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppReplace_34821.md) object      Manage a schematic component. [**SchAppRoute**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppRoute_25864.md) object      Manage a schematic route. [**SchAppRoute2**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppRoute2_28766.md) object      Manage a schematic route. [**SchAppScalingRule**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppScalingRule_59842.md) object      Provide application rule of how to scale schematic objects. [**SchAppZone**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchAppZone_21076.md) object      Manage a schematic zone. [**SchArrowDisplay**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchArrowDisplay_48393.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic route. [**SchBaseFactory**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchBaseFactory_41394.md) object      Factory to create basic schematic objects. [**SchBoundaryElem**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchBoundaryElem_47253.md) object      Manage a boundary element of a schematic zone. [**SchCatalogComponent**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCatalogComponent_76696.md) object      Manage a schematic component catalog. [**SchCatalogRoute**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCatalogRoute_47696.md) object      Manage a schematic route catalog. [**SchCntrConnect**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCntrConnect_41444.md) object      Manage the a schematic connector. [**SchCntrDocLink**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCntrDocLink_40090.md) object      Manage the on-off sheet connector. [**SchCntrGraphic**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCntrGraphic_40930.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic connector. [**SchCntrLocation**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCntrLocation_47830.md) object      Manage the location of a schematic connector. [**SchCompConnector**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCompConnector_54606.md) object      Manage the connectors of a schematic component. [**SchCompFlow**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCompFlow_25633.md) object      Manage the internal flow of a schematic component. [**SchCompGraphic**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCompGraphic_40716.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic component. [**SchCompGroupExt**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCompGroupExt_47737.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a temporary group of schematic objects. [**SchCompatible**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchCompatible_35852.md) object      Provides connecting rule to schematic objects. [**SchComponent**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchComponent_31484.md) object      Manage a schematic component. [**SchComponent2**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchComponent2_34667.md) object      Manage a schematic component. [**SchComponentGroup**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchComponentGroup_62494.md) object      Represents a temporary group of schematic objects for component placement. [**SchConnectable**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchConnectable_41188.md) object      Represents schematic objects that can be connected to others. [**SchDropOffView**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchDropOffView_40670.md) object      Manage the drop off views in a schematic viewer. [**SchFrameInfo**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchFrameInfo_29690.md) object      Manage the background view of a schematic viewer. [**SchGRR**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRR_6684.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic object. [**SchGRRCntr**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRCntr_19904.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic connector. [**SchGRRComp**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRComp_19674.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic component. [**SchGRRFactory**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRFactory_34753.md) object      Factory to create graphical representations of schematic objects. [**SchGRRRoute**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRRoute_24658.md) object      Manage the graphical representations of a schematic route. [**SchGRRRoute2**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRRoute2_27506.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic route. [**SchGRRRouteAlternate**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRRouteAlternate_82624.md) object      Manage the graphical styles for alternative route graphics. [**SchGRRRouteEllipse**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRRouteEllipse_66686.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic route. [**SchGRRZone**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGRRZone_19924.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic zone. [**SchGapDisplay**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchGapDisplay_35656.md) object      Manage the graphical representation of a schematic route. [**SchInternalFlow**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchInternalFlow_47807.md) object      Represents the internal flow object in a schematic component. [**SchListOfBSTRs**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchListOfBSTRs_37788.md) object      Represents a non-persistant list of character strings to be used with Schematic IDLs. [**SchListOfDoubles**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchListOfDoubles_53392.md) object      Represents a list of DOUBLEs to be used with Schematic IDLs. [**SchListOfLongs**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchListOfLongs_40964.md) object      Represent a non-persistant list of LONGs to be used with schematic IDLs. [**SchListOfObjects**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchListOfObjects_53274.md) object      Represent a non-persistant list of schematic objects. [**SchMovable**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchMovable_21178.md) object      Manage the transformation of a schematic component. [**SchMovable2**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchMovable2_23824.md) object      Manage rotation of a schematic object. [**SchNetworkAnalysis**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchNetworkAnalysis_70106.md) object      Represents a schematic network. [**SchObsoleteModel**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchObsoleteModel_53632.md) object      Manage obsolete model elements. [**SchPostReplace**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchPostReplace_41128.md) object      Manage post component replacement behaviors. [**SchReplace**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchReplace_20922.md) object      Manage existing schematic component instances. [**SchRoute**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchRoute_14100.md) object      Manage a schematic route data. [**SchRouteAlternateGraphic**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchRouteAlternateGraphic_120264.md) object      Manage alternative graphical primitives of a schematic route. [**SchRouteGraphic**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchRouteGraphic_47315.md) object      Manage graphical primitives representing a schematic route. [**SchRouteSymbol**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchRouteSymbol_42372.md) object      Manage a symbol placed on a route. [**SchSession**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchSession_21988.md) object      Represents a schematic session. [**SchTempListFactory**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchTempListFactory_68916.md) object      Create temporary (non-persistent) lists to be used in VB environment. [**SchUpdateInstances**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchUpdateInstances_68626.md) object     Interface to update all component instances when the catalog reference component has been changed. [**SchWorkbench**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchWorkbench_30722.md) object     Represents a workbench on a schematic document. [**SchZone**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchZone_10636.md) object      Manage zone boundaries. [**SchZoneGraphic**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchZoneGraphic_40940.md) object      Manage graphical representations of a schematic zone. [**SchZoneMembership**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchZoneMembership_61510.md) object      Manage zone memberships. [**SchematicExtension**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchematicExtension_70048.md) object      Manage schematic extensions. [**SchematicRoot**](CATSchPlatformInterfaces/interface_SchematicRoot_36425.md) object     Represents the top node of the schematic object tree. [**SearchSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_SearchSettingAtt_54192.md) object     Represents the setting controller for the Search property tab page. [**Section**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Section_11089.md) object      Represents the Section object. [**SectioningSettingAtt**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_SectioningSettingAtt_85288.md) object      The interface to access a CATIASectioningSettingAtt. [**Sections**](SpaceAnalysisInterfaces/interface_Sections_14574.md) collection      A collection of all Section objects currently managed by the application. [**SelectedElement**](InfInterfaces/interface_SelectedElement_47693.md) object     Represents an element contained by a Selection object. [**Selection**](InfInterfaces/interface_Selection_18040.md) object     Represents the selection. [**SelectionSets**](InfInterfaces/interface_SelectionSets_36827.md) object      Interface to manage the Selection Sets in a document. [**SendToService**](InfInterfaces/interface_SendToService_35734.md) object     This interface allows to use 'Send To' functionalities through an API. [**ServerStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_ServerStatisticsSettingAtt_144736.md) object     Interface for Server statistic Controler
**Role** : the server statistics controler manages the values of all or only a part of the attributes available for the thematic. [**SessionStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_SessionStatisticsSettingAtt_156130.md) object     Interface for Session statistic Controler
**Role** : the session statistics controler manages the values of all or only a part of the attributes available for the thematic. [**SetOfEquation**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_SetOfEquation_36247.md) object     Represents the set of equations object. [**SettingController**](System/interface_SettingController_63320.md) object     Represents the base object for setting controllers. [**SettingControllers**](InfInterfaces/interface_SettingControllers_71324.md) collection     A collection of all the setting controllers objects currently managed by the application. [**SewSurface**](PartInterfaces/interface_SewSurface_21428.md) object     Represents the sewing operation. [**Shaft**](PartInterfaces/interface_Shaft_5650.md) object     Represents the shaft shape. [**Shape**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Shape_5555.md) object     Represents the Shape object. [**ShapeFactory**](PartInterfaces/interface_ShapeFactory_31272.md) object     Represents the factory for shapes to create all kinds of shapes that may be needed for part design. [**ShapeInstance**](MecModInterfaces/interface_ShapeInstance_35910.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAShapeInstance. [**Shapes**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Shapes_8122.md) collection     The collection of the shapes making up a body. [**Shell**](PartInterfaces/interface_Shell_5652.md) object     Represents the shell shape. [**ShiftedProfileTolerance**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_ShiftedProfileTolerance_111177.md) object     Interface for accessing shifted tolerance zone informations of a TPS. [**Shot**](FittingInterfaces/interface_Shot_3832.md) object     The interface to access a CATIAShot. [**Shots**](FittingInterfaces/interface_Shots_5971.md) collection      The collection of all shot objects contained in the current sampled. [**Shuttle**](FittingInterfaces/interface_Shuttle_11297.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAShuttle. [**Shuttles**](FittingInterfaces/interface_Shuttles_14802.md) collection      The interface to access a CATIAShuttles

Using this prefered syntax will enable mkdoc to document your class. [**Silhouette**](SMTInterfaces/interface_Silhouette_22578.md) object      Interface to access a CATIASilhouette. [**Silhouettes**](SMTInterfaces/interface_Silhouettes_27435.md) collection      Interface to compute Silhouettes. [**SimTraceSettingAtt**](DNBSimulationInterfaces/interface_SimTraceSettingAtt_67982.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of Infrastructure-DELMIA Infrastructure-Simulation Trace Tools Options Tab page. [**Simplifications**](SMTInterfaces/interface_Simplifications_49524.md) collection      Interface to compute Simplifications. [**SimulationSettingAtt**](DNBSimulationInterfaces/interface_SimulationSettingAtt_85836.md) object      Interface to handle parameters of DELMIA Simulation Tools Options Tab page **Role** : This interface is implemented by a component which represents the controller of Simulation Tools Options parameter settings. [**Sketch**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Sketch_8026.md) object     The Sketch is a 2D based element comprising constrained 2D geometrical elements. [**SketchBasedShape**](PartInterfaces/interface_SketchBasedShape_52512.md) object     Represents the shapes based on sketched 2D geometry. [**Sketches**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Sketches_14228.md) collection     The body's collection of sketches not yet used by any shape. [**Slot**](PartInterfaces/interface_Slot_3864.md) object     Represents the slot shape. [**Solid**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Solid_5633.md) object     Represents an imported solid object. [**SolidCombine**](PartInterfaces/interface_SolidCombine_30404.md) object      The interface to access a CATIASolidCombine. [**SpecV4SettingAtt**](CATIAV4Interfaces/interface_SpecV4SettingAtt_52346.md) object      Represents the V4/V5 SPEC setting controller object. [**SpecsAndGeomWindow**](InfInterfaces/interface_SpecsAndGeomWindow_67760.md) object     Represents a window featuring a specification viewer and a geometry viewer. [**SpecsViewer**](InfInterfaces/interface_SpecsViewer_26446.md) object     Represents the specification tree viewer. [**Spline2D**](SketcherInterfaces/interface_Spline2D_12098.md) object      Class defining a spline in 2D Space. [**Split**](PartInterfaces/interface_Split_5882.md) object     Represents the split operation. [**StepSettingAtt**](CATSdeSettingInterfaces/interface_StepSettingAtt_42036.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAStepSettingAtt. [**StiDBChildren**](CATSmarTeamIntegInterfaces/interface_StiDBChildren_34351.md) object     Represents all the Children of a CATIAStiDBItem. [**StiDBItem**](CATSmarTeamIntegInterfaces/interface_StiDBItem_16075.md) object     Represents the SmarTeam Integration Object, that is to say the Document coming from SmarTeam database. [**StiEngine**](CATSmarTeamIntegInterfaces/interface_StiEngine_17314.md) object     Represents the SmarTeam Integration Engine, that is to say the entry point to the CATIA/SmarTeam Integration. [**Stiffener**](PartInterfaces/interface_Stiffener_17922.md) object     Represents the stiffener shape. [**StrAnchorPoint**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrAnchorPoint_42208.md) object     Represents an anchor point. [**StrAnchorPoints**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrAnchorPoints_48821.md) collection     A collection of the anchor points of a section object. [**StrComputeServices**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrComputeServices_70102.md) object      Represents a structure service object. [**StrCutback**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrCutback_21398.md) object     Represents the cutback object. [**StrFoundation**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrFoundation_37108.md) object     Represents a structure foundation assembly. [**StrFoundations**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrFoundations_43298.md) collection     A collection of the Foundation objects contained in a given Product object of a ProductDocument object. [**StrMember**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrMember_17505.md) object     Represents a member object. [**StrMemberExtremity**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrMemberExtremity_70726.md) object     Represents an extremity of a member object. [**StrMembers**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrMembers_21868.md) collection     A collection of the Member objects contained in a given Product object of a ProductDocument object. [**StrObject**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrObject_17492.md) object     Represents a structure object. [**StrObjectFactory**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrObjectFactory_54850.md) object      Represents the factory object for all the structure objects. [**StrParam**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_StrParam_13874.md) object     Represents the string parameter. [**StrPlate**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrPlate_13958.md) object     Represents a structure plate object. [**StrPlates**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrPlates_17878.md) collection     A collection of the Plate objects contained in a given Product object of a ProductDocument object. [**StrSection**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrSection_22058.md) object     Represents the section object. [**StrWorkbench**](StructureInterfaces/interface_StrWorkbench_31174.md) object     Represents the structure workbench object. [**SurfaceBasedShape**](PartInterfaces/interface_SurfaceBasedShape_59141.md) object     Represents the shapes based on Surface. [**Sweep**](PartInterfaces/interface_Sweep_5756.md) object     Represents the sweep shape. [**SweptVolume**](SMTInterfaces/interface_SweptVolume_26919.md) object      [**SweptVolumes**](SMTInterfaces/interface_SweptVolumes_32222.md) collection      Interface to compute swept volumes. [**Symmetry**](PartInterfaces/interface_Symmetry_15102.md) object     Represents the shape symmetry feature object. [**SystemConfiguration**](InfInterfaces/interface_SystemConfiguration_78951.md) object     Provides abstractions to resources which depend on the platform or the current configuration. [**SystemService**](System/interface_SystemService_36846.md) object     Represents an object which provides system services.

##  **T**

[**TPSView**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_TPSView_10208.md) object      [**TPSViewFactory**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_TPSViewFactory_41420.md) object     Represents the TPS view factory object. [**TPSViews**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_TPSViews_13626.md) collection      Interface for collection of TPS Views CATIATPSView. [**Tag**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_Tag_2026.md) object     Interface representing a Tag. [**TagFactory**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_TagFactory_21884.md) object     Interface representing Tag factory. [**TagGroup**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_TagGroup_14116.md) collection     Interface representing a TagGroup. [**TagGroupFactory**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_TagGroupFactory_48569.md) object     Interface representing TagGroup factory. [**TangentPlane**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_TangentPlane_30606.md) object     Interface for accessing Tangent Plane modifier on a TPS. [**Task**](DNBResourceProgramInterfaces/interface_Task_3714.md) object     Represents the Task of a resource. [**Text**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_Text_3904.md) object     Interface for the TPS Text object. [**TextStream**](InfInterfaces/interface_TextStream_21990.md) object     The textstream object allows to manage input and output for a text stream. [**ThickSurface**](PartInterfaces/interface_ThickSurface_30456.md) object     Represents the ThickSurface feature. [**Thickness**](PartInterfaces/interface_Thickness_18180.md) object     Represents the thickness shape. [**Thread**](PartInterfaces/interface_Thread_7846.md) object     Represents the Thread feature. [**ThreeDCuts**](SMTInterfaces/interface_ThreeDCuts_20970.md) collection      [**TolerancePerUnitBasisRestrictiveValue**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_TolerancePerUnitBasisRestrictiveValue_287569.md) object     Interface for accessing tolerance per unit basis restrictive value on a TPS. [**ToleranceSheetSettingAtt**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_ToleranceSheetSettingAtt_120946.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAToleranceSheetSettingAtt. [**ToleranceUnitBasisValue**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_ToleranceUnitBasisValue_110600.md) object     Interface for accessing values of the tolerance unit basis on a TPS. [**ToleranceZone**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_ToleranceZone_36203.md) object     Interface for accessing tolerance zone informations of a TPS. [**Track**](FittingInterfaces/interface_Track_5573.md) object      The interface to access a CATIATrack. [**Tracks**](FittingInterfaces/interface_Tracks_8144.md) collection     A collection of all the track objects contained in the current document. [**TransformationShape**](PartInterfaces/interface_TransformationShape_77612.md) object     Represents the shapes based on a transformation of another shape. [**Translate**](PartInterfaces/interface_Translate_18042.md) object     Represents the hybrid shape translate feature object. [**TreeTabSettingAtt**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_TreeTabSettingAtt_60372.md) object      [**TreeVizManipSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_TreeVizManipSettingAtt_101630.md) object      The Interface to retrieve and set the visual information on the specification tree. [**TriDimFeatEdge**](MecModInterfaces/interface_TriDimFeatEdge_39030.md) object     1-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is three dimensional. [**TriDimFeatVertexOrBiDimFeatVertex**](MecModInterfaces/interface_TriDimFeatVertexOrBiDimFeatVertex_221087.md) object     0-D boundary belonging to a feature whose topological result is three dimensional or two dimentional. [**Trim**](PartInterfaces/interface_Trim_3774.md) object     Represents the Trim, or union trim boolean operation. [**TritangentFillet**](PartInterfaces/interface_TritangentFillet_55088.md) object     The Tritangent Fillet feature : a fillet is built between 3 faces,
2 faces will be relimited, the third one ("face to remove") will
be used for fillet tangency ; this face will disappear within the resulting shape. [**TypeESSObjectSettingAtt**](StructureInterfaces/interface_TypeESSObjectSettingAtt_108511.md) object      The interface to access a CATIATypeESSObjectSettingAtt.

##  **U**

[**Unit**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Unit_3832.md) object      Represents CATIAUnit object. [**Units**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_Units_5973.md) collection      Represents the collection of Units. [**UnitsSheetSettingAtt**](KnowledgeInterfaces/interface_UnitsSheetSettingAtt_84938.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAUnitsSheetSettingAtt. [**UnmountActivity**](DNBIgpSetupInterfaces/interface_UnmountActivity_50203.md) object     Interface representing a Unmount Activity. [**UserPattern**](PartInterfaces/interface_UserPattern_26749.md) object     Represents the user pattern. [**UserRepartition**](PartInterfaces/interface_UserRepartition_49664.md) object     Represents the User Pattern repartition. [**UserSurface**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_UserSurface_25966.md) object      [**UserSurfaces**](CATTPSInterfaces/interface_UserSurfaces_31234.md) collection

##  **V**

[**V4MasterModel**](CATIAV4Interfaces/interface_V4MasterModel_34751.md) object     Represents the V4 Master Model. [**V4V5SpaceSettingAtt**](CATIAV4Interfaces/interface_V4V5SpaceSettingAtt_72466.md) object      Represents the object to handle the setting parameters of the "V4V5 Space" tab page. [**V4WritingSettingAtt**](CATIAV4Interfaces/interface_V4WritingSettingAtt_75623.md) object      Represents the Saving As V4 Data setting controller object. [**VarRadEdgeFillet**](PartInterfaces/interface_VarRadEdgeFillet_52056.md) object     Represents the edge fillet shape with a variable radius. [**VerifTabSettingAtt**](DMAPSInterfaces/interface_VerifTabSettingAtt_67728.md) object      [**Vertex**](MecModInterfaces/interface_Vertex_8466.md) object     0-D boundary. [**VibrationVolumes**](SMTInterfaces/interface_VibrationVolumes_56262.md) collection      [**ViewCharacteristicCurvesSettingAtt**](CATSmInterfaces/interface_ViewCharacteristicCurvesSettingAtt_244248.md) object     Represents the CATIA Sheet Metal Aerospace Display setting controller object. [**Viewer**](InfInterfaces/interface_Viewer_8284.md) object     Represents the viewer. [**Viewer2D**](InfInterfaces/interface_Viewer2D_12268.md) object     Represents a 2D viewer. [**Viewer3D**](InfInterfaces/interface_Viewer3D_12290.md) object     Represents a 3D viewer. [**Viewers**](InfInterfaces/interface_Viewers_11325.md) collection     A collection of all the Viewer objects currently attached to a window. [**Viewpoint2D**](InfInterfaces/interface_Viewpoint2D_24329.md) object     Represents the 2D viewpoint. [**Viewpoint3D**](InfInterfaces/interface_Viewpoint3D_24360.md) object     Represents the 3D viewpoint. [**VisPropertySet**](InfInterfaces/interface_VisPropertySet_43128.md) object     Represents the graphic properties for the current selection. [**VisualizationSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_VisualizationSettingAtt_113841.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAVisualizationSettingAtt. [**VrmlSettingAtt**](InfInterfaces/interface_VrmlSettingAtt_42120.md) object      The interface to access a CATIAVrmlSettingAtt.

##  **W**

[**WIBuyOff**](DNBWorkInterfaces/interface_WIBuyOff_12992.md) object      [**WIChangeNotification**](DNBWorkInterfaces/interface_WIChangeNotification_83692.md) object      [**WIDataCollection**](DNBWorkInterfaces/interface_WIDataCollection_53380.md) object      [**WIText**](DNBWorkInterfaces/interface_WIText_7856.md) object      [**WITextAccessEI**](DNBWorkInterfaces/interface_WITextAccessEI_38232.md) object      [**WalkActivity**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_WalkActivity_31816.md) object      [**Window**](InfInterfaces/interface_Window_8384.md) object     Represents the window. [**Windows**](InfInterfaces/interface_Windows_11431.md) collection     A collection of all the Window objects currently managed by the application. [**Workbench**](InfInterfaces/interface_Workbench_17725.md) object     Represents a workbench on a document. [**WorkbenchStatisticsSettingAtt**](System/interface_WorkbenchStatisticsSettingAtt_178981.md) object     Interface for Workbench statistic Controler. [**WorkerActivity**](DNBHumanSimInterfaces/interface_WorkerActivity_43444.md) object     The object that represents an Worker activity. [**Wrapping**](SMTInterfaces/interface_Wrapping_14396.md) object      [**Wrappings**](SMTInterfaces/interface_Wrappings_18341.md) collection

##  **Z**

[**ZeroDimFeatVertexOrWireBoundaryMonoDimFeatVertex**](MecModInterfaces/interface_ZeroDimFeatVertexOrWireBoundaryMonoDimFeatVertex_474398.md) object     0-D boundary beeing either an isolated point or the extremity of a feature whose topological result is one dimensional.